424B5 1 ny20058304x1_424b5.htm 424B5 TABLE OF CONTENTS The information in this preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus is not complete and may be changed. A registration statement relating to the securities has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not an offer to sell these securities and are not soliciting offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration No. 333-279080 SUBJECT TO COMPLETION PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 5, 2025 Preliminary Prospectus Supplement (To Prospectus dated May 2, 2024) shares COMMON STOCK We are offering    shares of our common stock as described herein, in a registered direct offering to a limited number of purchasers pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus at a price of $   per share, which will be equal to the closing price per share of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq on the date of this prospectus supplement. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “OPEN.” On November 4, 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock on Nasdaq was $6.92 per share. Investing in our common stock involves risks. See “Risk Factors” on page S- 9 of this prospectus supplement and any other risk factors included in the accompanying prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to purchase shares of our common stock. Per Share Total Registered direct offering price $ $ Proceeds to Opendoor Technologies Inc., before expenses $ $ We expect to deliver the shares of our common stock to purchasers on or about November 13, 2025, which will be the fifth trading day following the initial trade date for the shares of our common stock offered hereby (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+5”). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade shares prior to the business day preceding the settlement date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the shares initially will settle T+5, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the shares who wish to trade the shares prior to the business day preceding the settlement date should consult their own advisors. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus supplement is November  , 2025. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS Prospectus Supplement Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-ii CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-iii PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY S-1 RISK FACTORS S-9 USE OF PROCEEDS S-10 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION S-11 LEGAL MATTERS S-12 EXPERTS S-12 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE S-13 Prospectus Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 3 THE COMPANY 4 RISK FACTORS 5 USE OF PROCEEDS 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 7 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 10 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES 17 GLOBAL SECURITIES 18 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 22 LEGAL MATTERS 23 EXPERTS 23 S-i TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This document contains two parts. The first part is this prospectus supplement, which describes the specific terms of this offering and also supplements and updates information contained in the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The second part is the accompanying prospectus, which provides more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. If the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement differs or varies from the information contained in the accompanying prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference that was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), before the date of this prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information set forth in this prospectus supplement. In general, when we refer to the prospectus, we are referring to both the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus combined. We have not authorized anyone to provide any information other than that contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and in any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, our securities only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. The distribution of this prospectus supplement and the offering of the securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus supplement must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the securities and the distribution of this prospectus supplement outside the United States. This prospectus supplement does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities offered by this prospectus supplement by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or solicitation. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, and in any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with this offering, is accurate only as of the date of the respective document. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since that date. You should read this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement, and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with this offering, in their entirety before making an investment decision. You should also read and consider the information in the documents to which we have referred you in the section of this prospectus supplement titled “Where You Can Find More Information; Information Incorporated by Reference.” When we refer to “Opendoor,” “we,” “our,” “us,” “our company” and the “Company” in this prospectus supplement, we mean Opendoor Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, unless otherwise specified. When we refer to “you,” we mean the holders of common stock of the Company. We have proprietary rights to trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein and therein that are important to our business. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference also include trademarks, trade names and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and service marks may appear without the ®, TM and SM symbols, but any such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we forgo or will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. All trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated herein and therein are the property of their respective owners. S-ii TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein, and any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. You can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact they use words such as “believe,” “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “intend” and “expect,” and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. You can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert, or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from current expectations. These statements are likely to relate to, among other things: the current and future health and stability of the real estate housing market and general economy; volatility of mortgage interest rates, changes in resale clearance rates and expectations regarding future behavior of consumers and partners; the health and status of our financial condition and expectations with respect to our debt and equity financings; anticipated future results of operations or financial performance; priorities to achieve future financial and business goals; impacts to our business from political and regulatory activity, including recent trade policies and potential increased tariffs; the likelihood of offer acceptance among high-quality homes in response to refinements to our spread policy; our ability to continue to effectively navigate the markets in which we operate; anticipated future and ongoing impacts and benefits of acquisitions, partnership channel expansions, product innovations and other business decisions; health of our balance sheet to weather ongoing market transitions and any expectation to quickly re-scale in the future upon market stabilization; our ability to adopt an effective approach to manage economic and industry risk, as well as inventory health, including by improving the quality of homes in our portfolio and supporting faster sell-through; our expectations with respect to the future success of our partnerships and our ability to drive significant growth in sales volumes through such partnerships; the expected repurchase of certain of our outstanding convertible notes; the expected terms of the warrants to be issued pursuant to our warrant dividend distribution; our business strategy and plans, including plans to expand into additional markets; market opportunity and expansion and objectives of management for future operations, including statements regarding the benefits and timing of the roll out of new markets, products, or technology; the expected diversification of funding sources; and the use of proceeds from this offering. We have based the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors including those described in, or incorporated by reference into, the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus supplement. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make in this prospectus supplement or the documents incorporated by reference herein. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially and adversely from those described or anticipated in the forward-looking statements. As a result, you should not unduly rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The forward-looking statements made in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this prospectus supplement or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those described in, or incorporated by reference into, the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus supplement. S-iii TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider in making your investment decision. Before investing in our securities, you should carefully read the entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus carefully, including “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” our financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Our Company Opendoor’s mission is to power life’s progress, one move at a time. Residential real estate is a trillion-dollar industry underpinned by a process that is complicated, time-consuming, stressful, and offline. Our data-driven pricing models and integrated local operations are modernizing residential real estate by providing a simple, certain, and largely digital way to buy and sell homes. Since our founding, we have completed over 291,000 transactions across the United States, making us one of the largest buyers and sellers of homes in the United States. Recent Developments Certain Preliminary Unaudited Financial and Operating Data for Third Quarter 2025 We have presented below certain preliminary unaudited financial and operating data as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2025 (the “preliminary financial information”). The preliminary financial information is preliminary and was prepared by our management, based upon our estimates, a number of assumptions and currently available information, and are subject to revision based upon, among other things, quarter-end closing procedures and/or adjustments, the completion of our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and other operational procedures. This preliminary financial information is the responsibility of our management and has been prepared in good faith on a consistent basis with prior periods. However, we have not completed our financial closing procedures for the three months ended September 30, 2025, and our actual results could be materially different from the preliminary financial information provided above. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche LLP, has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled nor applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the accompanying preliminary financial information and, accordingly, Deloitte & Touche LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. The Deloitte & Touche LLP report incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relates to our previously issued financial statements. It does not extend to the preliminary financial information and should not be read to do so. During the course of the preparation of our financial statements and related notes as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, we may identify items that would require us to make material adjustments to this preliminary financial information. As a result, prospective investors should exercise caution in relying on this information and should not draw any inferences from this information. Three Months Ended (In millions, except percentages and non-dollar amounts) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Revenue $ 915 $1,377 Gross profit $ 66 $ 105 Gross Margin 7.2% 7.6% Net loss $ (90) $ (78) Homes sold 2,568 3,615 Homes purchased 1,169 3,504 Homes in inventory (at period end) 3,139 6,288 Inventory (at period end) $1,053 $2,145 Homes under contract to purchase (at period end) 526 1,006 S-1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Three Months Ended (In millions, except percentages and non-dollar amounts) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Non-GAAP Financial Data Adjusted Gross Profit $ 64 $ 99 Adjusted Gross Margin 7.0% 7.2% Contribution Profit $ 20 $ 52 Contribution Margin 2.2% 3.8% Adjusted Net Loss $ (61) $ (70) Adjusted EBITDA $ (33) $ (38) Adjusted EBITDA Margin (3.6)% (2.8)% Non-GAAP Financial Measures We report certain financial measures that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). These measures, which include Adjusted Gross Profit, Contribution Profit, Adjusted Net Loss, Adjusted EBITDA, and any such non-GAAP financial measure expressed as a margin, have limitations as analytical tools when assessing our operating performance and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP measures, including gross profit and net loss. We may calculate or present our non-GAAP financial measures differently than other companies who report measures with similar titles and, as a result, the non-GAAP financial measures we report may not be comparable with those of companies in our industry or in other industries. Adjusted Gross Profit and Contribution Profit To provide investors with additional information regarding our margins and return on inventory acquired, we present Adjusted Gross Profit and Contribution Profit, which are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that Adjusted Gross Profit and Contribution Profit are useful financial measures for investors as they are supplemental measures used by management in evaluating unit level economics and our operating performance. Each of these measures is intended to present the economics related to homes sold during a given period. We do so by including revenue generated from homes sold (and adjacent services) in the period and only the expenses that are directly attributable to such home sales, even if such expenses were recognized in prior periods, and excluding expenses related to homes that remain in inventory as of the end of the period. Contribution Profit provides investors a measure to assess our ability to generate returns on homes sold during a reporting period after considering home purchase costs, renovation and repair costs, holding costs and selling costs. Adjusted Gross Profit and Contribution Profit are supplemental measures of our operating performance and have limitations as analytical tools. For example, these measures include costs that were recorded in prior periods under GAAP and exclude, in connection with homes held in inventory at the end of the period, costs required to be recorded under GAAP in the same period. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We include a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, which is gross profit. Adjusted Gross Profit / Margin We calculate Adjusted Gross Profit as gross profit under GAAP adjusted for (1) inventory valuation adjustment in the current period, and (2) inventory valuation adjustment in prior periods. Inventory valuation adjustment in the current period is calculated by adding back the inventory valuation adjustments recorded during the period on homes that remain in inventory at period end. Inventory valuation adjustment in prior periods is calculated by subtracting the inventory valuation adjustments recorded in prior periods on homes sold in the current period. Adjusted Gross Margin is Adjusted Gross Profit as a percentage of revenue. We view this metric as an important measure of business performance as it captures gross margin performance isolated to homes sold in a given period and provides comparability across reporting periods. Adjusted Gross Profit helps management assess home pricing, service fees and renovation performance for a specific resale cohort. S-2 TABLE OF CONTENTS Contribution Profit / Margin We calculate Contribution Profit as Adjusted Gross Profit, minus certain costs incurred on homes sold during the current period including: (1) holding costs incurred in the current period, (2) holding costs incurred in prior periods, and (3) direct selling costs. Contribution Margin is Contribution Profit as a percentage of revenue. We view this metric as an important measure of business performance as it captures the unit level performance isolated to homes sold in a given period and provides comparability across reporting periods. Contribution Profit helps management assess inflows and outflows directly associated with a specific resale cohort. The following table presents a reconciliation of our Adjusted Gross Profit and Contribution Profit to our gross profit, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages and homes sold, or as noted) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Revenue (GAAP) $ 915 $1,377 Gross profit (GAAP) $ 66 $ 105 Gross Margin 7.2% 7.6% Adjustments: Inventory valuation adjustment – Current Period (1)(2) 15 10 Inventory valuation adjustment – Prior Periods (1)(3) (17 ) (16 ) Adjusted Gross Profit $ 64 $ 99 Adjusted Gross Margin 7.0% 7.2% Adjustments: Direct selling costs (4) (28) (32) Holding costs on sales – Current Period (5)(6) (4) (6) Holding costs on sales – Prior Periods (5)(7) (12 ) (9 ) Contribution Profit $ 20 $ 52 Homes sold in period 2,568 3,615 Contribution Profit per Home Sold (in thousands) $ 8 $ 14 Contribution Margin 2.2% 3.8% (1) Inventory valuation adjustment includes adjustments to record real estate inventory at the lower of its carrying amount or its net realizable value. (2) Inventory valuation adjustment — Current Period is the inventory valuation adjustments recorded during the period presented associated with homes that remain in inventory at period end. (3) Inventory valuation adjustment — Prior Periods is the inventory valuation adjustments recorded in prior periods associated with homes that sold in the period presented. (4) Represents selling costs incurred related to homes sold in the relevant period. This primarily includes broker commissions, external title and escrow-related fees and transfer taxes, and are included in Sales, marketing and operations on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. (5) Holding costs include mainly property taxes, insurance, utilities, homeowners association dues, cleaning and maintenance costs. Holding costs are included in sales, marketing, and operations on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. (6) Represents holding costs incurred in the period presented on homes sold in the period presented. (7) Represents holding costs incurred in prior periods on homes sold in the period presented. Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA We also present Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures that management uses to assess our underlying financial performance. These measures are also commonly used by investors and analysts to compare the underlying performance of companies in our industry. We believe these measures provide investors with meaningful period over period comparisons of our underlying performance, adjusted for certain charges that are non-cash, not directly related to our revenue-generating operations, not aligned to related revenue, or not reflective of ongoing operating results that vary in frequency and amount. Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA are supplemental measures of our operating performance and have important limitations. For example, these measures exclude the impact of certain costs required to be recorded under GAAP. These measures also include inventory valuation adjustments that were recorded in prior periods under GAAP and S-3 TABLE OF CONTENTS exclude, in connection with homes held in inventory at the end of the period, inventory valuation adjustments required to be recorded under GAAP in the same period. These measures could differ substantially from similarly titled measures presented by other companies in our industry or companies in other industries. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. We include a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, which is net loss. Adjusted Net Loss We calculate Adjusted Net Loss as GAAP net loss adjusted to exclude non-cash expenses of stock-based compensation, equity securities fair value adjustment, intangibles amortization expense, and the amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized to internally developed software (“IDSW”). It excludes expenses that are not directly related to our revenue-generating operations such as restructuring and legal contingency accruals. It also excludes loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt as these expenses or gains were incurred as a result of decisions made by management to terminate or partially extinguish portions of our outstanding credit facilities or convertible senior notes early; these expenses are not reflective of ongoing operating results and vary in frequency and amount. Adjusted Net Loss also aligns the timing of inventory valuation adjustments recorded under GAAP to the period in which the related revenue is recorded in order to improve the comparability of this measure to our non-GAAP financial measures of unit economics, as described above. Our calculation of Adjusted Net Loss does not currently include the tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments because our taxes and such tax effects have not been material to date. Adjusted EBITDA / Margin We calculated Adjusted EBITDA as Adjusted Net Loss adjusted for depreciation and amortization, property financing and other interest expense, interest income, and income tax expense. Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental performance measure that our management uses to assess our operating performance and the operating leverage in our business. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue. The following table presents a reconciliation of our Adjusted Net Loss and Adjusted EBITDA to our net loss, which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure, for the periods indicated: Three Months Ended (in millions, except percentages) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Revenue (GAAP) $ 915 $1,377 Net loss (GAAP) $ (90) $ (78) Adjustments: Stock-based compensation 13 25 Stock-based compensation for market condition RSUs 14 — Equity securities fair value adjustment (1) — 3 Intangibles amortization expense (2) — 1 Amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized to IDSW (3) 4 — Inventory valuation adjustment — Current Period (4)(5) 15 10 Inventory valuation adjustment — Prior Periods (4)(6) (17) (16) Restructuring (7) 1 — Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 1 — Legal contingency accrual and related expenses — — Other (8) (2 ) (15 ) Adjusted Net Loss $ (61) $ (70) Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization of intangibles 5 10 Property financing (9) 23 30 Other interest expense (10) 11 4 Interest income (11) (12) (12) Income tax expense 1 — Adjusted EBITDA $ (33) $ (38) Adjusted EBITDA Margin (3.6)% (2.8)% (1) Represents the gains and losses on certain financial instruments, which are marked to fair value at the end of each period. S-4 TABLE OF CONTENTS (2) Represents amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. The acquired intangible assets had useful lives ranging from 1 to 5 years and amortization was incurred until the intangible assets were fully amortized in 2024. (3) Beginning in the quarter ended March 31, 2025, we revised the presentation of the amortization of stock-based compensation capitalized to IDSW to more appropriately present the full impact of all stock-based compensation expenses. This expense was previously included in “Depreciation and amortization, excluding amortization of intangibles.” Had this presentation been applied for the three months ended September 30, 2024, Adjusted Net Loss would have improved by $3 million, with no impact to Adjusted EBITDA. (4) Inventory valuation adjustment includes adjustments to record real estate inventory at the lower of its carrying amount or its net realizable value. (5) Inventory valuation adjustment — Current Period is the inventory valuation adjustments recorded during the period presented associated with homes that remain in inventory at period end. (6) Inventory valuation adjustment — Prior Periods is the inventory valuation adjustments recorded in prior periods associated with homes that sold in the period presented. (7) Restructuring costs consist primarily of severance and employee termination benefits and bonuses incurred in connection with the elimination of employees’ roles, consulting fees and expenses related to the termination of certain leases incurred during the restructuring process. (8) Primarily includes gain on deconsolidation, net, and related party services income. (9) Includes interest expense on our non-recourse asset-backed debt facilities. (10) Includes amortization of debt issuance costs and loan origination fees, amortization of debt discounts, commitment fees, unused fees, other interest related costs on our asset-backed debt facilities, and interest expense related to the convertible senior notes outstanding. (11) Consists mainly of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities. At-The-Market Equity Offering In May 2024, we entered into an at-the-market equity offering sales agreement (the “ATM Agreement”) with Barclays Capital Inc. and Virtu Americas LLC, as sales agents (the “Agents”), pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through the Agents, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $200 million. Under the ATM Agreement, the Agents may sell shares by any method deemed to be an “at-the-market offering.” During the three months ended September 30, 2025, we issued and sold an aggregate of 21,587,667 shares at a weighted average price of $9.26 per share under the ATM Agreement for total cash proceeds of approximately $198 million, and net proceeds of approximately $195 million. Warrant Dividend Distribution On November 6, 2025, we expect to announce that our Board of Directors declared a warrant dividend distribution (the “Warrant Distribution”) to the record holders of our common stock, in the form of warrants to purchase common stock (each, a “Warrant”, and collectively, the “Warrants”). The Warrants will be distributed on or around November 21, 2025 (the “Distribution Date”) to the record holders of common stock as of the close of business on November 18, 2025 (the “Record Date”). Each registered holder of Common Stock on the Record Date will receive three (3) series of Warrants—Series K, Series A, and Series Z—one (1) Warrant of each series for every thirty (30) shares of Common Stock held, rounded down to the nearest whole number. The scheduled expiration date of each series of the Warrants is expected to be on or about November 20, 2026, which may be automatically accelerated as specified in the warrant agreement (and we may elect a later alternate expiration date) for a particular series of the Warrants if, within any period of thirty (30) consecutive trading days after the Distribution Date, there are at least twenty (20) trading days (whether or not consecutive) on which the daily volume weighted average price of our common stock exceeds the applicable early expiration trigger price for such series of the Warrants. The early expiration trigger price for a series of the Warrants is expected to be initially equal to 120% of the exercise price of such series of the Warrants, subject to adjustment in accordance with the warrant agreement. The Warrants are expected to have an exercise price of $9.00 per Series K Warrant, $13.00 per Series A Warrant and $17.00 per Series Z Warrant. We intend to apply for the Warrants to be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, subject to Nasdaq approval, to facilitate trading, which may begin under ticker symbols OPENW, OPENL, and OPENZ for the Series K Warrants, Series A Warrants and Series Z Warrants, respectively, on the first trading day following the Distribution Date. The Warrants are expected to be initially exercisable only by paying the exercise price in cash, subject to our ability to change the exercise method to net exercise as provided in the warrant agreement. In lieu of an adjustment to the conversion rate, holders of our 7.000% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Convertible Notes”) as of the Record Date will also receive, at the same time and on the same terms as holders of Common Stock, Warrants, without having to convert such holder’s 2030 Convertible Notes, as if such holder held a number of shares of common stock, equal to the product of (i) the conversion rate applicable to the 2030 Convertible Notes in effect on the Record Date and (ii) the aggregate principal amount (expressed in thousands) S-5 TABLE OF CONTENTS of 2030 Convertible Notes held by such holder on the Record Date. We expect to adjust the conversion rate for our 0.25% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 in accordance with the terms of the governing indenture for such notes in connection with the Warrant Distribution. Corporate Information We were incorporated in December 2013 as a Delaware corporation. Our principal executive offices are located at 410 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 1000, Tempe, AZ 85288, and our telephone number is (480) 618-6760. Our website address is www.opendoor.com. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus and is not incorporated by reference herein or therein. We have included our website address as an inactive textual reference only. S-6 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Offering Common stock offered shares of common stock. Common stock to be outstanding immediately following this offering shares of common stock. Offering We are selling     shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of purchasers pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, at a price of $    per share, which will be equal to the closing price per share of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq on the date of this prospectus supplement. We estimate that the net proceeds to us from the sale of our common stock in this offering will be approximately $   , after deducting our estimated offering expenses. Concurrently with the pricing of this offering, we expect to enter into separate, privately negotiated transactions with the purchasers of the shares of our common stock in this offering, pursuant to which we will agree to repurchase and such purchasers have agreed to sell us $    principal amount of our 7.000% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Convertible Notes”) for an aggregate repurchase price of approximately $    million, which we will repurchase using the net proceeds from this offering (the “Convertible Notes Repurchase”). On a net basis, we will not receive any proceeds from these transactions and will pay customary fees and expenses in connection therewith. As a result, we do not expect that this offering, after giving effect to the Convertible Notes Repurchase, will have a material impact on our cash position. This prospectus supplement is not an offer to buy, or a solicitation of any offer to sell, the 2030 Convertible Notes. This offering and the Convertible Notes Repurchase are cross-conditional. In connection with the Convertible Notes Repurchase, certain holders of our 2030 Convertible Notes that participate in any of these repurchases may purchase or sell shares of our common stock in the open market or enter into or unwind various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock to unwind any hedge positions they may have with respect to our 2030 Convertible Notes or to hedge or unwind their exposure in connection with these transactions. The amount of our common stock to be sold or purchased by such holders or the notional number of shares of our common stock underlying such derivative transactions may be substantial in relation to the historic average daily trading volume of our common stock. These activities may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the magnitude of such market activities or the overall effect they will have on the price of our common stock. S-7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Risk factors You should read the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq Global Select Market symbol Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “OPEN.” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering set forth above is based on 771,534,057 shares of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2025. The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering set forth above excludes: • 4,021,654 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2025, at a weighted average exercise price of $2.7365; • 118,256,389 shares of our common stock issuable upon the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units outstanding as of September 30, 2025; • 272,750 shares of our common stock issuable upon the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units granted after September 30, 2025; • 24,634,174 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of September 30, 2025, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under this plan; • 26,354,853 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan as of September 30, 2025, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under this plan; • 18,957,958 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2022 Inducement Plan as of September 30, 2025; • 6,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2025, with an exercise price of $15.00; • 9,154,579 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of our 0.25% senior convertible notes due in 2026 as of September 30, 2025; • 354,071,088 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of our 2030 Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2025; and • any warrants issued in connection with the warrant dividend distribution declared by us on November 6, 2025. In addition, unless we specifically state otherwise, all information in this prospectus supplement assumes no exercise of outstanding stock options or warrants or vesting and settlement of restricted stock units subsequent to September 30, 2025. S-8 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves significant risks. Please see the risk factors below and under the heading “Risk Factors” in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus supplement, including those described under “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” and the accompanying prospectus. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. Risks Related to this Offering Future issuances of our common stock or equity-linked securities in the public market, including the recently announced warrant dividend distribution, could significantly dilute your ownership and lower the market price for our common stock In the future, we may issue and sell additional shares of our common stock or equity-linked securities to raise capital. For example, on November 6, 2025, we expect to declare a warrant dividend distribution to the record holders of our common stock as of the close of business on November 18, 2025. Information regarding the shares to be issued upon exercise of such warrants will be determined as of the record date, however, if all of the warrants distributed in such warrant dividend distribution are exercised, we would issue a significant number of shares. The issuance of such additional shares of common stock upon exercise of these warrants, and the resale of such shares on the open market after their issuance, or the perception that such sales could occur, could result in significant volatility or downward pressure on our stock price. In addition, we cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of our common stock or equity-linked securities, or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities. Repurchases of the 2030 Convertible Notes may affect the value of our common stock We will use the net proceeds from this offering to repurchase a portion of our outstanding 2030 Convertible Notes. In addition, following the completion of this offering, we may repurchase additional 2030 Convertible Notes. Holders of our 2030 Convertible Notes that participate in any of these repurchases may purchase or sell shares of our common stock in the open market or enter into or unwind various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock to unwind any hedge positions they may have with respect to our 2030 Convertible Notes or to hedge their exposure in connection with these transactions. The amount of our common stock to be sold or purchased by such holders or the notional number of shares of our common stock underlying such derivative transactions may be substantial in relation to the historic average daily trading volume of our common stock. These activities may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the magnitude of such market activities or the overall effect they will have on the price of our common stock. S-9 TABLE OF CONTENTS USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that the net proceeds to us from the sale of our common stock in this offering will be approximately $   , after deducting our estimated offering expenses. Concurrently with the pricing of this offering, we entered into separate, privately negotiated transactions with the purchasers of the shares of our common stock in this offering, pursuant to which we have agreed to repurchase and such purchasers have agreed to sell us $    principal amount of our 2030 Convertible Notes for an aggregate repurchase price of approximately $    million, which we will repurchase using the net proceeds from this offering. As such, on a net basis, we will not receive any proceeds from these transactions and will pay customary fees and expenses in connection therewith. As a result, we do not expect that this offering, after giving effect to the Convertible Notes Repurchase, will have a material impact on our cash position. This prospectus supplement is not an offer to buy, or a solicitation of any offer to sell, the 2030 Convertible Notes. This offering and the Convertible Notes Repurchase are cross-conditional. S-10 TABLE OF CONTENTS PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are selling     shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of purchasers pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus at a price of $   per share, which will be equal to the closing price per share of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq on the date of this prospectus supplement. The shares of our common stock are being offered directly to the purchasers, all of which are participating in the Convertible Notes Repurchase. We will enter into one or more share purchase agreements (the “Share Purchase Agreements”) directly with investors in connection with this offering and will only sell to investors who have entered into a Share Purchase Agreement. We expect to deliver the shares of our common stock to purchasers on or about November 13, 2025, which will be the fifth trading day following the initial trade date for the shares of our common stock offered hereby (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+5”). Under Rule 15c6-1 under the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade shares prior to the business day preceding the settlement date will be required, by virtue of the fact that the shares initially will settle T+5, to specify an alternate settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a failed settlement. Purchasers of the shares who wish to trade the shares prior to the business day preceding the settlement date should consult their own advisors. Purchasers will be informed of the date and manner in which they must transmit the purchase price for their shares of our common stock purchased in this offering. Our obligation to issue and sell shares of our common stock to the purchasers is subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreements, including the satisfaction of all conditions to the closing of the Convertible Notes Repurchase. Any of the closing conditions to our obligation may be waived by us at our discretion. A purchaser’s obligation to purchase shares of our common stock is subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreements as well, which may also be waived by the purchasers. There is no requirement that any minimum number or dollar amount of shares of our common stock be sold in this offering, and there can be no assurance that we will sell all or any of the shares of our common stock being offered. We estimate the total expenses that will be payable by us in connection with the offering described in this prospectus supplement will be approximately $   million, which includes legal and accounting fees. Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “OPEN.” Other than in the United States, no action has been taken by us that would permit a public offering of the securities offered by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. The securities offered by this prospectus supplement may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, nor may this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or any other offering material or advertisements in connection with the offer and sale of any such securities be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with the applicable rules and regulations of that jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus come are advised to inform themselves about and to observe any restrictions relating to the offering and the distribution of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities offered by this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or a solicitation is unlawful. S-11 TABLE OF CONTENTS LEGAL MATTERS The validity of our shares of common stock offered by this prospectus supplement will be passed upon for us by Latham & Watkins LLP, New York, NY. EXPERTS The financial statements of Opendoor Technologies Inc. incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and the effectiveness of Opendoor Technologies Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance upon the reports of such firm, given their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. S-12 TABLE OF CONTENTS WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov . This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus incorporate important business and financial information about us that is not included in or delivered with this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, except for any information superseded by information in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. This prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC (excluding any information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 on any current report on Form 8-K and any corresponding information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit): • Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025 . • The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 25, 2025 . • Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2025 , filed with the SEC on May 6, 2025 and August 5, 2025, respectively. • Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9, 2025 , May 19, 2025 , May 30, 2025 , June 17, 2025 , August 1, 2025 , August 15, 2025 , as amended by the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on August 28, 2025 , September 11, 2025 , September 17, 2025 , September 19, 2025 , and October 1, 2025 . • The description of our common stock contained in the registration statement on Form 8-A, as updated by Exhibit 4.6 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025 , and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating the description. We are also incorporating by reference additional documents that we may file with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding any information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 on any current report on Form 8-K and any corresponding information furnished under Item 9.01 or included as an exhibit) after the date of this prospectus supplement and prior to the completion of this offering contemplated hereby, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC. These documents may also be accessed on our website at www.opendoor.com . Except as otherwise specifically incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, information contained in, or accessible through, our website is not a part of this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus. We will furnish without charge to you, upon written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference, including exhibits to these documents by writing or telephoning us at the following address: Opendoor Technologies Inc. 410 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 1000 Tempe, AZ 85288 (480) 618-6760 S-13 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS OPENDOOR TECHNOLOGIES INC. Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants Units We may offer and sell the securities identified above from time to time in one or more offerings. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities. Each time we offer and sell securities, we will provide a supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the offering and the amounts, prices and terms of the securities. The supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement before you invest in any of our securities. We may offer and sell the securities described in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement to or through one or more underwriters, dealers and agents, or directly to purchasers, or through a combination of these methods. If any underwriters, dealers or agents are involved in the sale of any of the securities, their names and any applicable purchase price, fee, commission or discount arrangement between or among them will be set forth, or will be calculable from the information set forth, in the applicable prospectus supplement. See the sections of this prospectus titled “About this Prospectus” and “Plan of Distribution” for more information. No securities may be sold without delivery of this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the offering of such securities. INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES INVOLVES RISKS. SEE THE “ RISK FACTORS ” SECTION ON PAGE 5 OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND ANY SIMILAR SECTION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT CONCERNING FACTORS YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “OPEN.” On May 1, 2024, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $2.00 per share. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is May 2, 2024. TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 3 THE COMPANY 4 RISK FACTORS 5 USE OF PROCEEDS 6 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 7 DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES 10 DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES 17 GLOBAL SECURITIES 18 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 22 LEGAL MATTERS 23 EXPERTS 23 i TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) as a “well-known seasoned issuer” (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)) using a “shelf” registration process. By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell securities from time to time and in one or more offerings as described in this prospectus. Each time that we offer and sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the securities being offered and sold and the specific terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. Any such prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus with respect to that offering. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, you should rely on the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, as applicable, and if any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date—for example, a document incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement—the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. Before purchasing any securities, you should carefully read both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectuses, together with the additional information described under the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference” in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We will not make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any applicable free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing prospectus, and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference, unless we indicate otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus incorporates by reference, and any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the section titled “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar sections in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. When we refer to “Opendoor,” “we,” “our,” “us” and the “Company” in this prospectus, we mean Opendoor Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified. When we refer to “you,” we mean the potential holders of the applicable series of securities. We have proprietary rights to trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this prospectus that are important to our business. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, trade names and service marks may appear in this prospectus without the ®, TM and SM symbols, but any such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we forgo or will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. All trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains, and the information incorporated by reference herein and any applicable prospectus supplement may contain, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this prospectus are forward-looking statements. When used in this prospectus, words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “future,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “strategy,” “strive,” “target,” “vision,” “will,” or “would,” any negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions may identify forward-looking statements. The absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this prospectus and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, which involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the effect of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those described in the sections entitled “The Company,” “Plan of Distribution” and “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and the risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results or performance may be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available Information We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . Our website address is www.opendoor.com . The information on our website, however, is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of this prospectus. This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and does not contain all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided below. Forms of the indenture and other documents establishing the terms of the offered securities are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. Incorporation by Reference The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC: • Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 15, 2024. • The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on April 24, 2024 , as supplemented by the proxy supplement filed on May 2, 2024. • Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024 . • Our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024 . • The description of our common stock contained in Exhibit 4.3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2021, and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating the description. All reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, prior to the termination of this offering but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and documents. You may request a free copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus by writing or telephoning us at the following address: Opendoor Technologies Inc. 410 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 1600 Tempe, AZ 85288 (480) 618-6760 Exhibits to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS THE COMPANY We are the largest digital platform for residential real estate transactions. In 2014, we founded Opendoor to reinvent one of life’s most important transactions and make it possible to buy, sell, and move at the tap of a button. By leveraging software, data science, product design and operations, we are building a technology platform for residential real estate that offers buyers and sellers a digital, on-demand experience that we believe will be the future of how people buy or sell a home. We believe we are still in the early stages of the digital transformation of real estate. We are dedicated to building a digital, one-stop shop for buyers and sellers of residential real estate, where more consumers will be able to transact directly with simplicity, certainty and control over the entire process. Our principal executive offices are located at 410 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 1600, Tempe, AZ 85288, and our telephone number is (480) 618-6760. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Investment in any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement involves risks. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider the risk factors incorporated by reference to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be seriously harmed. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. Please also carefully read the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of our capital stock is not complete and may not contain all the information you should consider before investing in our capital stock. This description is summarized from, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and our amended and restated registration rights agreement to which we and certain of our stockholders are parties, each of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, and by applicable law. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and our amended and restated registration rights agreement, each of which has been publicly filed with the SEC, and the applicable provisions of Delaware law, for more information. See “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” Our authorized capital stock consists of: • 3,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value; and • 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 par value. Preferred Stock Our board of directors has authority to issue shares of our preferred stock in one or more series, to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences for the issue of such series all to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”). The issuance of our preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Common Stock Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive or other similar subscription rights to purchase any of the Company’s securities. Our common stock is neither convertible nor redeemable and has no sinking fund provisions. Unless our board of directors determines otherwise, we will issue all of our capital stock in uncertificated form. Voting Rights Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, as provided by our certificate of incorporation. Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the holders of a majority of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority in voting power of the votes cast is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the amended and restated bylaws or the certificate of incorporation, and except for the election of directors, which is determined by a plurality of the votes cast. There are no cumulative voting rights. Dividend Rights Each holder of shares of our capital stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions as may be declared by our board of directors from time to time out of our assets or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our preferred stock, if any, and any contractual limitations on our ability to declare and pay dividends. Other Rights Each holder of our common stock is subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. Liquidation Rights If we are involved in voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, or a similar event, each holder of our common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of our preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Registration Rights Pursuant to our amended and restated registration rights agreement, we agreed to file a shelf registration statement with respect to the registrable securities under the registration rights agreement. Certain stockholders may request to sell all or any portion of their registrable securities in an underwritten offering up to two times in any 12-month period, so long as the total offering price is reasonably expected to exceed $100.0 million. We also agreed to provide “piggyback” registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. The amended and restated registration rights agreement also provides that we will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the stockholders against certain liabilities. Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Our Amended and Restated Bylaws Our certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of the Company. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with our board of directors, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give our board of directors the power to discourage mergers that some stockholders may favor. Special Meetings of Stockholders Our certificate of incorporation provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the (a) the Chairperson of our board of directors, (b) our board of directors, (c) our Chief Executive Officer or (d) our President, provided that such special meeting may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled by our board of directors or other person calling the meeting. Classified Board of Directors Our certificate of incorporation provides that directors shall be classified with respect to the time for which they severally hold office into three classes, designated as Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one third of the total number of directors constituting the whole board of directors. At each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation beginning with the first annual meeting of stockholders following December 18, 2020, the successors of the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. Each director shall hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation. No decrease in the number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. The classification of the board of directors could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, control of our Company. Action by Written Consent The certificate of incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Removal of Directors Our board of directors or any individual director may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of our voting stock entitled to vote at an election of directors. Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute Our certificate of incorporation provides that we are not subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover law. Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15% or more of the voting stock of a Delaware corporation, such person becomes an “interested stockholder” and may not engage in certain “business combinations” with such corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15% or more 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS of such corporation’s voting stock, unless: (1) the board of directors of such corporation approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, (2) the interested stockholder owns at least 85% of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans), or (3) the merger transaction is approved by the board of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. However, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have a similar effect to Section 203, except that they provide that certain stockholders will not be deemed to be “interested stockholders”, regardless of the percentage of our voting stock owned by them, and accordingly will not be subject to such restrictions. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions The certificate of incorporation provides that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery (the “Chancery Court”) of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) and any appellate court thereof shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or stockholder of the Company to the Company or to the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the amended and restated bylaws or the certificate of incorporation (as either may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (v) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer or stockholder governed by the internal affairs doctrine. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of the immediately preceding sentence is filed in a court other than the courts in the State of Delaware (a “Foreign Action”) in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the provisions of the immediately preceding sentence and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder’s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision shall not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction. Unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Nasdaq Global Select Market Listing Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “OPEN.” Transfer Agent The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following description, together with the additional information we include in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, summarizes certain general terms and provisions of the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus. When we offer to sell a particular series of debt securities, we will describe the specific terms of the series in a supplement to this prospectus. We will also indicate in the supplement to what extent the general terms and provisions described in this prospectus apply to a particular series of debt securities. We may issue debt securities either separately, or together with, or upon the conversion or exercise of or in exchange for, other securities described in this prospectus. Debt securities may be our senior, senior subordinated or subordinated obligations and, unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this prospectus, the debt securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and may be issued in one or more series. The debt securities will be issued under an indenture between us and a third party to be identified therein, as trustee. We have summarized select portions of the indenture below. The summary is not complete. The form of the indenture has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and you should read the indenture for provisions that may be important to you. In the summary below, we have included references to the section numbers of the indenture so that you can easily locate these provisions. Capitalized terms used in the summary and not defined herein have the meanings specified in the indenture. As used in this section only, “Opendoor,” “we,” “our” or “us” refer to Opendoor Technologies Inc. excluding our subsidiaries, unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. General The terms of each series of debt securities will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our board of directors and set forth or determined in the manner provided in a resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate or by a supplemental indenture. (Section 2.2) The particular terms of each series of debt securities will be described in a prospectus supplement relating to such series (including any pricing supplement or term sheet). We can issue an unlimited amount of debt securities under the indenture that may be in one or more series with the same or various maturities, at par, at a premium, or at a discount. (Section 2.1) We will set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any pricing supplement or term sheet) relating to any series of debt securities being offered, the aggregate principal amount and the following terms of the debt securities, if applicable: • the title and ranking of the debt securities (including the terms of any subordination provisions); • the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount) at which we will sell the debt securities; • any limit on the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities; • the date or dates on which the principal of the securities of the series is payable; • the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or the method used to determine the rate or rates (including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the debt securities will bear interest, the date or dates from which interest will accrue, the date or dates on which interest will commence and be payable and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; • the place or places where principal of, and interest, if any, on the debt securities will be payable (and the method of such payment), where the securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices and demands to us in respect of the debt securities may be delivered; • the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which we may redeem the debt securities; • any obligation we have to redeem or purchase the debt securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and in the terms and conditions upon which securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; • the dates on which and the price or prices at which we will repurchase debt securities at the option of the holders of debt securities and other detailed terms and provisions of these repurchase obligations; 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS • the denominations in which the debt securities will be issued, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; • whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of certificated debt securities or global debt securities; • the portion of principal amount of the debt securities payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity date, if other than the principal amount; • the currency of denomination of the debt securities, which may be United States Dollars or any foreign currency, and if such currency of denomination is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency; • the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of principal of, premium and interest on the debt securities will be made; • if payments of principal of, premium or interest on the debt securities will be made in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which the debt securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to these payments will be determined; • the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the debt securities will be determined, if these amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index; • any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt securities; • any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities and any change in the acceleration provisions described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities; • any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities; • any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to the debt securities; • the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any debt securities of such series, including if applicable, the conversion or exchange price and period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion or exchange price and provisions affecting conversion or exchange; • any other terms of the debt securities, which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of the indenture as it applies to that series, including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the securities; and • whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will guarantee the debt securities of that series, including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees. (Section 2.2) We may issue debt securities that provide for an amount less than their stated principal amount to be due and payable upon declaration of acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms of the indenture. We will provide you with information on the federal income tax considerations and other special considerations applicable to any of these debt securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase price of any of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or units, or if the principal of and any premium and interest on any series of debt securities is payable in a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or units, we will provide you with information on the restrictions, elections, general tax considerations, specific terms and other information with respect to that issue of debt securities and such foreign currency or currencies or foreign currency unit or units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each debt security will be represented by either one or more global securities registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company (the “Depositary”) or a nominee of the Depositary (we will refer to any debt security 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS represented by a global debt security as a “book-entry debt security”), or a certificate issued in definitive registered form (we will refer to any debt security represented by a certificated security as a “certificated debt security”) as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Except as set forth under the heading “Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System” below, book-entry debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form. Certificated Debt Securities. You may transfer or exchange certificated debt securities at any office we maintain for this purpose in accordance with the terms of the indenture. (Section 2.4) No service charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of certificated debt securities, but we may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection with a transfer or exchange. (Section 2.7) You may effect the transfer of certificated debt securities and the right to receive the principal of, premium and interest on certificated debt securities only by surrendering the certificate representing those certificated debt securities and either reissuance by us or the trustee of the certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or the trustee of a new certificate to the new holder. Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System. Each global debt security representing book-entry debt securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, the Depositary, and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary. Please see “Global Securities.” Covenants We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement any restrictive covenants applicable to any issue of debt securities. (Article IV) No Protection in the Event of a Change of Control Unless we state otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not contain any provisions which may afford holders of the debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such transaction results in a change in control), which could adversely affect holders of debt securities. Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets We may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to any person (a “successor person”) unless: • we are the surviving entity or the successor person (if other than Opendoor) is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity organized and validly existing under the laws of any U.S. domestic jurisdiction and expressly assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indenture; and • immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing. Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part of its properties to us. (Section 5.1) Events of Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any series of debt securities, any of the following: • default in the payment of any interest upon any debt security of that series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of the payment is deposited by us with the trustee or with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the 30-day period); • default in the payment of principal of any security of that series at its maturity; • default in the performance or breach of any other covenant or warranty by us in the indenture (other than a covenant or warranty that has been included in the indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than that series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days after we receive written notice from the trustee or Opendoor and the trustee receive written notice from the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series as provided in the indenture; 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS • certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of Opendoor; • any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt securities of that series that is described in the applicable prospectus supplement. (Section 6.1) No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt securities (except as to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization) necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with respect to any other series of debt securities. (Section 6.1) The occurrence of certain Events of Default or an acceleration under the indenture may constitute an event of default under certain indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to time. We will provide the trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action we are taking or propose to take in respect thereof. (Section 6.1) If an Event of Default with respect to debt securities of any series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then the trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders), declare to be due and payable immediately the principal of (or, if the debt securities of that series are discount securities, that portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all debt securities of that series. In the case of an Event of Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holder of outstanding debt securities. At any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the trustee, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may rescind and annul the acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal and interest, if any, with respect to debt securities of that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the indenture. (Section 6.2) We refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt securities that are discount securities for the particular provisions relating to acceleration of a portion of the principal amount of such discount securities upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The indenture provides that the trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture unless the trustee receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power. (Section 7.1(e)) Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series. (Section 6.12) No holder of any debt security of any series will have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy under the indenture, unless: • that holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to debt securities of that series; and • the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and offered indemnity or security satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute the proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not received from the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent with that request and has failed to institute the proceeding within 60 days. (Section 6.7) Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive payment of the principal of, premium and any interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. (Section 6.8) The indenture requires us, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to compliance with the indenture. (Section 4.3) If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it is known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall mail 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS to each Securityholder of the securities of that series notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. The indenture provides that the trustee may withhold notice to the holders of debt securities of any series of any Default or Event of Default (except in payment on any debt securities of that series) with respect to debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good faith that withholding notice is in the interest of the holders of those debt securities. (Section 7.5) Modification and Waiver We and the trustee may modify, amend or supplement the indenture or the debt securities of any series without the consent of any holder of any debt security: • to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; • to comply with covenants in the indenture described above under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets”; • to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or in place of certificated securities; • to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any series or secure debt securities of any series; • to surrender any of our rights or powers under the indenture; • to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of debt securities of any series; • to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary; • to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of debt securities; • to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of debt securities of any series as permitted by the indenture; • to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to the debt securities of any series and to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture to provide for or facilitate administration by more than one trustee; or • to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended. (Section 9.1) We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the modifications or amendments. We may not make any modification or amendment without the consent of the holders of each affected debt security then outstanding if that amendment will: • reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; • reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any debt security; • reduce the principal of or premium on or change the fixed maturity of any debt security or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation with respect to any series of debt securities; • reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable upon acceleration of maturity; • waive a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or interest on any debt security (except a rescission of acceleration of the debt securities of any series by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities of that series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); • make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt security payable in currency other than that stated in the debt security; • make any change to certain provisions of the indenture relating to, among other things, the right of holders of debt securities to receive payment of the principal of, premium and interest on those debt securities and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and to waivers or amendments; or • waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt security. (Section 9.3) 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive our compliance with provisions of the indenture. (Section 9.2) The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all the debt securities of such series waive any past default under the indenture with respect to that series and its consequences, except a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or any interest on any debt security of that series; provided, however, that the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from the acceleration. (Section 6.13) Defeasance of Debt Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances Legal Defeasance . The indenture provides that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, we may be discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the debt securities of any series (subject to certain exceptions). We will be so discharged upon the irrevocable deposit with the trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. Dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal, premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities. This discharge may occur only if, among other things, we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel stating that we have received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a change in the applicable United States federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the beneficial owners of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred. (Section 8.3) Defeasance of Certain Covenants . The indenture provides that, unless otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, upon compliance with certain conditions: • we may omit to comply with the covenant described under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the indenture, as well as any additional covenants which may be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement; and • any omission to comply with those covenants will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect to the debt securities of that series (“covenant defeasance”). The conditions include: • depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. Dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal of, premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities; and • delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and related covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit and related covenant defeasance had not occurred. (Section 8.4) 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or Securityholders None of our past, present or future directors, officers, employees or securityholders, as such, will have any liability for any of our obligations under the debt securities or the indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a debt security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This waiver and release is part of the consideration for the issue of the debt securities. However, this waiver and release may not be effective to waive liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against public policy. Governing Law The indenture and the debt securities, including any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the indenture or the securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to the indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated thereby. The indenture will provide that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or the transactions contemplated thereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee and the holder of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will further provide that service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any suit, action or other proceeding brought in any such court. The indenture will further provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the courts specified above and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum. (Section 10.10) 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS DESCRIPTION OF OTHER SECURITIES We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement a description of any warrants or units issued by us that may be offered and sold pursuant to this prospectus. 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS GLOBAL SECURITIES Book-Entry; Delivery and Form Unless we indicate differently in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the securities initially will be issued in book-entry form and represented by one or more global notes or global securities, or, collectively, global securities. The global securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, as depositary (“DTC”), and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of DTC. Unless and until it is exchanged for individual certificates evidencing securities under the limited circumstances described below, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary to its nominee or by the nominee to the depositary, or by the depositary or its nominee to a successor depositary or to a nominee of the successor depositary. DTC has advised us that it is: • a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law; • a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law; • a member of the Federal Reserve System; • a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code; and • a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among its participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. “Direct participants” in DTC include securities brokers and dealers, including underwriters, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others, which we sometimes refer to as indirect participants, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct participant, either directly or indirectly. The rules applicable to DTC and its participants are on file with the SEC. Purchases of securities under the DTC system must be made by or through direct participants, which will receive a credit for the securities on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of the actual purchaser of a security, which we sometimes refer to as a beneficial owner, is in turn recorded on the direct and indirect participants’ records. Beneficial owners of securities will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases. However, beneficial owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of their transactions, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the direct or indirect participants through which they purchased securities. Transfers of ownership interests in global securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of participants acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Beneficial owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the global securities, except under the limited circumstances described below. To facilitate subsequent transfers, all global securities deposited by direct participants with DTC will be registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee will not change the beneficial ownership of the securities. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the direct participants to whose accounts the securities are credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners. The participants are responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. So long as the securities are in book-entry form, you will receive payments and may transfer securities only through the facilities of the depositary and its direct and indirect participants. We will maintain an office or agency in the location specified in the prospectus supplement for the applicable securities, where notices and demands in respect of the securities and the indenture may be delivered to us and where certificated securities may be surrendered for payment, registration of transfer or exchange. 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to direct participants, by direct participants to indirect participants and by direct participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any legal requirements in effect from time to time. Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the securities of a particular series are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each direct participant in the securities of such series to be redeemed. Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (or such other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the securities. Under its usual procedures, DTC will mail an omnibus proxy to us as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns the consenting or voting rights of Cede & Co. to those direct participants to whose accounts the securities of such series are credited on the record date, identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy. So long as securities are in book-entry form, we will make payments on those securities to the depositary or its nominee, as the registered owner of such securities, by wire transfer of immediately available funds. If securities are issued in definitive certificated form under the limited circumstances described below and unless if otherwise provided in the description of the applicable securities herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will have the option of making payments by check mailed to the addresses of the persons entitled to payment or by wire transfer to bank accounts in the United States designated in writing to the applicable trustee or other designated party at least 15 days before the applicable payment date by the persons entitled to payment, unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the applicable trustee or other designated party. Redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments on the securities will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit direct participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us on the payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the account of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name.” Those payments will be the responsibility of participants and not of DTC or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC, is our responsibility, disbursement of payments to direct participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of payments to the beneficial owners is the responsibility of direct and indirect participants. Except under the limited circumstances described below, purchasers of securities will not be entitled to have securities registered in their names and will not receive physical delivery of securities. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of DTC and its participants to exercise any rights under the securities and the indenture. The laws of some jurisdictions may require that some purchasers of securities take physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Those laws may impair the ability to transfer or pledge beneficial interests in securities. DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the securities at any time by giving reasonable notice to us. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depositary is not obtained, securities certificates are required to be printed and delivered. As noted above, beneficial owners of a particular series of securities generally will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in those securities. However, if: • DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the global security or securities representing such series of securities or if DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act at a time when it is required to be registered and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days of the notification to us or of our becoming aware of DTC’s ceasing to be so registered, as the case may be; • we determine, in our sole discretion, not to have such securities represented by one or more global securities; or • an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities, 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS we will prepare and deliver certificates for such securities in exchange for beneficial interests in the global securities. Any beneficial interest in a global security that is exchangeable under the circumstances described in the preceding sentence will be exchangeable for securities in definitive certificated form registered in the names that the depositary directs. It is expected that these directions will be based upon directions received by the depositary from its participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global securities. Euroclear and Clearstream If so provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, you may hold interests in a global security through Clearstream Banking S.A., which we refer to as “Clearstream,” or Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear System, which we refer to as “Euroclear,” either directly if you are a participant in Clearstream or Euroclear or indirectly through organizations which are participants in Clearstream or Euroclear. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf of their respective participants through customers’ securities accounts in the names of Clearstream and Euroclear, respectively, on the books of their respective U.S. depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in customers’ securities accounts in such depositaries’ names on DTC’s books. Clearstream and Euroclear are securities clearance systems in Europe. Clearstream and Euroclear hold securities for their respective participating organizations and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between those participants through electronic book-entry changes in their accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Payments, deliveries, transfers, exchanges, notices and other matters relating to beneficial interests in global securities owned through Euroclear or Clearstream must comply with the rules and procedures of those systems. Transactions between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on one hand, and other participants in DTC, on the other hand, are also subject to DTC’s rules and procedures. Investors will be able to make and receive through Euroclear and Clearstream payments, deliveries, transfers and other transactions involving any beneficial interests in global securities held through those systems only on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and other institutions are open for business in the United States. Cross-market transfers between participants in DTC, on the one hand, and participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the other hand, will be effected through DTC in accordance with the DTC’s rules on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by their respective U.S. depositaries; however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by the counterparty in such system in accordance with the rules and procedures and within the established deadlines (European time) of such system. Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its U.S. depositary to take action to effect final settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving interests in the global securities through DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day fund settlement. Participants in Euroclear or Clearstream may not deliver instructions directly to their respective U.S. depositaries. Due to time zone differences, the securities accounts of a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream purchasing an interest in a global security from a direct participant in DTC will be credited, and any such crediting will be reported to the relevant participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, during the securities settlement processing day (which must be a business day for Euroclear or Clearstream) immediately following the settlement date of DTC. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream as a result of sales of interests in a global security by or through a participant in Euroclear or Clearstream to a direct participant in DTC will be received with value on the settlement date of DTC but will be available in the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream cash account only as of the business day for Euroclear or Clearstream following DTC’s settlement date. Other The information in this section of this prospectus concerning DTC, Clearstream, Euroclear and their respective book-entry systems has been obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not take responsibility for this information. This information has been provided solely as a matter of convenience. The rules and procedures of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear are solely within the control of those organizations and could change at any time. Neither we nor the trustee nor any agent of ours or of the trustee has any control over those entities and none of us takes any responsibility for their activities. You are urged to contact DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS respective participants directly to discuss those matters. In addition, although we expect that DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear will perform the foregoing procedures, none of them is under any obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither we nor any agent of ours will have any responsibility for the performance or nonperformance by DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their respective participants of these or any other rules or procedures governing their respective operations. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the offered securities from time to time: • through underwriters or dealers; • through agents; • directly to one or more purchasers; or • through a combination of any of these methods of sale. We will identify the specific plan of distribution, including any underwriters, dealers, agents or direct purchasers and their compensation, in the applicable prospectus supplement. 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS LEGAL MATTERS Latham & Watkins LLP will pass upon certain legal matters relating to the issuance and sale of the securities offered hereby on behalf of Opendoor Technologies Inc. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents by counsel that we will name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The financial statements of Opendoor Technologies Inc. incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and the effectiveness of Opendoor Technologies Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance upon the reports of such firm, given their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS shares COMMON STOCK PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT November   , 2025