wulf-20260508 0001083301 FALSE 0001083301 2025-11-10 2025-11-10 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) : May 8, 2026 TERAWULF INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-41163 87-1909475 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 9 Federal Street Easton, Maryland 21601 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (410) 770-9500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.001 par value per share WULF The Nasdaq Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 2.02.  Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On May 8, 2026, TeraWulf Inc. (“TeraWulf” or the “Company”) issued a press release (“Press Release”) announcing the Company’s results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2026. The Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 7.01.  Regulation FD Disclosure. On May 8, 2026, the Company posted a presentation to its website at https://investors.terawulf.com (the “Presentation”). A copy of the Presentation is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report. The Company expects to use the Presentation, in whole or in part, and possibly with modifications, in connection with the earnings call with investors, analysts and others. The information contained in the Presentation is summary information that is intended to be considered in the context of the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings and other public announcements that the Company may make, by press release or otherwise, from time to time. The Presentation speaks only as of the date of this Report. The Company undertakes no duty or obligation to publicly update or revise the information contained in the Presentation, although it may do so from time to time. Any such updating may be made through the filing of other reports or documents with the SEC, through press releases or through other public disclosure. In addition, the exhibit furnished herewith contains statements intended as “forward-looking statements” that are subject to the cautionary statements about forward-looking statements set forth in such exhibit. By furnishing the information contained in the Presentation, the Company makes no admission as to the materiality of any information in the Presentation that is required to be disclosed solely by reason of Regulation FD. The information contained in this Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this Report (as well as in Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto) is furnished and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and such information shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company’s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release, dated May 8, 2026 . 99.2 Presentation of the Company, dated May 8, 2026 . 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document). Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 as amended. Such forward-looking statements include statements concerning anticipated future events and expectations that are not historical facts. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “plan,” “believe,” “goal,” “target,” “aim,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “outlook,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “seek,” “continue,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “possible,” “potential,” “strategy,” “opportunity,” “predict,” “should,” “would” and other similar words and expressions, although the absence of these words or expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of TeraWulf’s management and are inherently subject to a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions and their potential effects. There can be no assurance that future developments will be those that have been anticipated. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements based on a number of factors, risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, among others: (1) TeraWulf’s ability to attract additional customers to lease its HPC data centers; (2) TeraWulf’s ability to complete our data center campuses and future strategic growth initiatives in a timely manner or within anticipated cost estimates; (3) operational risks associated with our data centers and our ability perform under its existing data center lease agreements; (4) changes in applicable laws, regulations and/or permits affecting TeraWulf’s operations or the industries in which it operates; (5) failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and/or on acceptable terms with regard to expansion or existing operations; (6) adverse geopolitical or economic conditions, including a high inflationary environment, the implementation of new tariffs and more restrictive trade regulations; (7) the potential of cybercrime, money-laundering, malware infections and phishing and/or loss and interference as a result of equipment malfunction or break-down, physical disaster, data security breach, computer malfunction or sabotage (and the costs associated with any of the foregoing); (8) the availability and cost of power as well as electrical infrastructure equipment necessary to maintain and grow the business and operations of TeraWulf; and (9) other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in TeraWulf’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K speak only as of the date hereof, and TeraWulf specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. TERAWULF INC. By: /s/ Patrick A. Fleury Name: Patrick A. Fleury Title: Chief Financial Officer Dated: May 8, 2026