false 0001083301 0001083301 2025-12-29 2025-12-29 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) : December 29, 2025 TERAWULF INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-41163 87-1909475 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 9 Federal Street Easton , Maryland 21601 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 410 ) 770-9500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction
A.2. below): ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading
    Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Common stock, $0.001 par value per share WULF The Nasdaq Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Senior Secured Notes Offering General On December 29, 2025, TeraWulf Inc. (the “Company”)
announced the completion of the previously announced private offering by Flash Compute LLC (“Flash Compute”) of 7.250% Senior
Secured Notes due 2030 (the “notes”). Flash Compute is a wholly owned subsidiary of FS CS I LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“JV Partners Holdco”), whose equity interests are owned 50.1% by Big Country Wulf LLC (the “TeraWulf Member”),
a subsidiary of TeraWulf, and 49.9% by Fluidstack CS I Inc., a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Fluidstack Ltd. The notes were sold
under a purchase agreement, dated as of December 18, 2025, entered into by and among Flash Compute, Abernathy Data LLC (the “Guarantor”),
and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers thereto (the “Initial Purchasers”), for resale
to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”) or, outside the United States, to persons other than “U.S. persons” in compliance with
Regulation S under the Securities Act. The aggregate principal amount of notes sold in the offering was $1.3 billion. The notes were issued at a price equal to 100%
of their principal amount. Flash Compute intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to finance a portion of the cost of construction
of a data center campus in Abernathy, Texas (the “Abernathy HPC Campus”), to fund debt reserves, to fund $75 million of cash
collateral to secure the Guarantor’s obligations under a certain letter of credit, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with
the foregoing. Maturity and Interest Payments On December 29, 2025, JV Partners Holdco, Flash
Compute and the Guarantor entered into an indenture (the “Indenture”) with respect to the notes with Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The notes are senior secured obligations of Flash Compute and bear interest at a
rate of 7.250% per year payable semi-annually in arrears on June 30 and December 31 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2026. The notes
will mature on December 31, 2030, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms. Amortization of Principal The principal amount of the notes will amortize
on a semi-annual basis on June 30 and December 31 of each year in amounts based on schedules in the Indenture. No amortization will be
payable prior to the completion of the Abernathy HPC Campus. Required amortization shall be subject to adjustment in case of partial redemption
or repurchase or, in certain circumstances, the issuance of additional notes. Redemption On or after December 31, 2027, Flash Compute may
redeem the notes at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture,
plus accrued and unpaid interest. Prior to December 31, 2027, Flash Compute may redeem
the notes at its option, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
of the notes redeemed, plus a “make-whole” premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, prior to December
31, 2027, Flash Compute may redeem up to 40% of the aggregate principal amount of the notes (which includes additional notes, if any)
in an amount not to exceed the amount of the proceeds of certain equity offerings at the redemption price set forth in the Indenture,
plus accrued and unpaid interest. Certain Covenants The Indenture limits the ability of Flash Compute
and the Guarantors to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified equity interests; (ii)
pay dividends or distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock and make other restricted payments; (iii) make certain investments;
(iv) create or incur liens; (v) consummate certain asset sales; (vi) enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (vii) hold assets or
conduct operations unrelated to the operation of the Abernathy HPC Campus; (viii) engage in certain transactions with its affiliates;
and (ix) merge, consolidate or transfer or sell all or substantially all of its assets. These covenants are subject to a number of important
qualifications and exceptions. Additionally, upon the occurrence of specified change of control events, Flash Compute must offer to repurchase
the notes at 101% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. The Indenture
also provides for customary events of default. The foregoing description of the Indenture and
the notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Indenture (and the form
of note included therein), a copy of which is filed with this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 4.1 and 4.2 hereto and is hereby incorporated
herein by reference. Completion Guarantee JV Partners Holdco will provide a capped completion
guarantee with respect to the construction of the Abernathy HPC Campus, which will require JV Partners Holdco to provide Flash Compute
with up to $100 million to the extent necessary to ensure the completion of the Abernathy HPC Campus in the event that the proceeds of
the notes and the available funds (including previous equity contributions from the TeraWulf Member) are insufficient to do so. The completion
guarantee is not a guarantee of the notes, and the notes are not guaranteed by JV Partners Holdco. The completion guarantee will be secured
by a first-priority lien on a reserve account of JV Partners Holdco. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or
an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K
about future expectations, plans, and prospects, as well as any other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, may
constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
statements include, but are not limited to, the anticipated use of any proceeds from the offering. The words “anticipate,”
“believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
“may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,”
“will,” “would,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking
statements as a result of various important factors, including uncertainties related to market conditions and the completion of the offering
on the anticipated terms or at all, the other factors discussed in the “Risk Factors” section of TeraWulf’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 3, 2025 and the risks described
in other filings that TeraWulf may make from time to time with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report
on Form 8-K speak only as of the date hereof, and TeraWulf specifically disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statement,
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. Item 9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 29, 2025, among FS CS I LLC, Flash Compute LLC, the guarantor party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, relating to the 7.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2030. 4.2 Form of Note representing the 7.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. Date: December 29, 2025 TERAWULF, INC. By: /s/ Patrick A. Fleury Name: Patrick A. Fleury Title: Chief Financial Officer