S-1 1 forms-1.htm S-1 As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2026 Registration
Statement No. 333-_______ UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-1 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 LASER
PHOTONICS CORPORATION (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 3690 84-3628771 (State
                                            or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization) (Primary
                                            Standard Industrial Classification
    Code Number) (I.R.S.
                                            Employer Identification
    No.) 250
Technology Park Lake
Mary, FL 32746 (407)
804-1000 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Wayne
Tupuola, CEO 1101
N. Keller Road, Suite G Orlando,
FL 32810 (407)
804-1000 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies
to: Ernest
M. Stern, Esq. CM
Law LLP 1701
Pennsylvania Ave., N.W. Suite.
200 Washington,
D. C. 20006 (202)
580-6500 Approximate
Date of Proposed Sale to the Public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large
    accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated
    filer ☐ Non-accelerated
    Filer ☒ Smaller
    reporting company ☒ Emerging
    growth company ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☒ This
Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date
as the commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not
soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 24, 2026 Up
to 1,373,630 Shares of Common Stock Underlying the Series A-3 Warrants Up
to 1,373,630 Shares of Common Stock Underlying the Series A-4 Warrants Up
to 153,212 Shares of Common Stock Underlying the Placement Agent Warrants LASER
PHOTONICS CORPORATION This
prospectus relates to the offer and resale by the selling stockholders (the “Selling Stockholders”) identified herein of
an aggregate of up to 2,900,472 shares (the “Shares”), of common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Common
Stock”), of Laser Photonics Corporation (the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”), that
consists of (a) an aggregate of 2,747,260 shares of Common Stock underlying the Series A-3 and Series A-4 Warrants issued
under the terms of a March 15, 2026, warrant inducement agreement (the “Warrant Inducement Agreement”) among the Company
and certain existing warrant holders (the “Common Warrants”) and (b) an aggregate of 153,212 shares of Common Stock
that are issuable upon exercise of certain placement agent warrants issued to designees (or their assignees) of H.C. Wainwright
& Co., LLC, the placement agent in connection with the closing of the Warrant Inducement Agreement transaction (“Wainwright”
or the “Placement Agent”) pursuant to an engagement letter in connection with the Warrant Inducement Agreement (the “Placement
Agent Warrants”) and in connection with the Notes (as such term is defined elsewhere in this prospectus) (the Common Warrants
and the Placement Agent Warrants collectively referred to as the “Warrants”). The
Shares will be resold from time to time by the Selling Stockholders listed in the section titled “Selling Stockholders” beginning
on page 10. The
Selling Stockholders, or their respective transferees, pledgees, donees or other successors-in-interest, will sell the Shares through
public or private transactions at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated
prices. The Selling Stockholders may sell any, all or none of the Shares offered by this prospectus, and we do not know when or in what
amount the Selling Stockholders may sell their Shares hereunder following the effective date of this registration statement. We provide
more information about how a Selling Stockholder may sell its Shares in the section titled “Plan of Distribution” on page
15. We
are registering the Shares on behalf of the Selling Stockholders, to be offered and sold by them from time to time. While we will not
receive any proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Selling Shareholders, we may receive cash proceeds equal to the total exercise
price of the Common Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants to the extent that the Common Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants are
exercised for cash. However, we cannot predict when and in what amounts or if the Warrants will be exercised for cash, and it is possible
that the Warrants may expire and never be exercised or be exercised, if at all, only on a cashless basis, in which each case we would
not receive any cash proceeds. We have agreed to bear all of the expenses incurred in connection with the registration of the Shares.
The Selling Stockholders will pay or assume discounts, commissions, fees of underwriters, selling brokers or dealer managers and similar
expenses, if any, incurred for the sale of the Shares. The
Warrants offered hereby will have an exercise price of $1.08 per share and will be exercisable upon issuance (the “Initial Exercise
Date”). The Series A-3 warrants will expire five years after the later of (i) the Initial Exercise Date and (ii) the effective
date of this registration statement (the “Effective Date”), and the Series A-4 warrants will expire eighteen months after
the later of (a) the Initial Exercise Date and (b) the Effective Date. The exercise price and number of shares of our Common Stock issuable
under the Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants are subject to customary adjustments as described in the Common Warrants
and Placement Agent Warrants. Our
Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “LASE”. On April 23,
2026, the last reported sales price of our Common Stock was $0.97 per share. We
are an “emerging growth company” as defined under the federal securities laws, and, as such, we have elected to comply with
reduced reporting requirements for this prospectus and may elect to do so in future filings. Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 10 of this prospectus to read
about factors you should consider before investing in our securities. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed
upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is ______ __, 2026 TABLE
OF CONTENTS About
    This Prospectus 1 Special
    Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 2 Prospectus
    Summary 2 About
    This Offering 9 Risk
    Factors 10 Use
    of Proceeds 10 Dividend
    Policy 10 Selling
    Stockholders 10 Description of The Securities That the Selling Stockholders Are Offering 13 Plan
    of Distribution 15 Legal
    Matters 16 Experts 17 Where
    You Can Find Additional Information 17 Incorporation
    of Certain Documents by Reference 17 i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus describes the general manner in which the Selling Stockholders may offer from time to time up to 2,900,472 Shares issuable
upon the exercise of the Common Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants issued in connection with the Warrant Inducement
Agreement and the Notes. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus and the related exhibits, any prospectus
supplement or amendment thereto and the documents incorporated by reference, or to which we have referred you, before making your investment
decision. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholders have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides
you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. This prospectus, any prospectus supplement or amendments thereto
do not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, the Shares offered by this prospectus, any prospectus
supplement or amendments thereto in any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom or from whom it is unlawful to make such offer or
solicitation of an offer in such jurisdiction. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus, any prospectus
supplement or amendments thereto, as well as information we have previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or
the SEC, is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front cover of the applicable document. If
necessary, the specific manner in which the Shares may be offered and sold will be described in a supplement to this prospectus, which
supplement may also add, update or change any of the information contained in this prospectus. To the extent there is a conflict between
the information contained in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in such prospectus supplement,
provided that if any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent with a statement in another document having a later date —
for example, a document incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement — the statement in the document
having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement. Neither
the delivery of this prospectus nor any distribution of Shares pursuant to this prospectus shall, under any circumstances, create any
implication that there has been no change in the information set forth or incorporated by reference into this prospectus or in our affairs
since the date of this prospectus. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since such
date. When
used herein, unless the context requires otherwise, references to “Laser Photonics”, the “Company”, “we”,
“our” or “us” refer to Laser Photonics Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 1 SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus, any amendment and the information incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including the sections entitled “Risk
Factors”, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 21(E) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
These forward-looking statements include, without limitation: statements regarding the Business Combination, new products or services;
statements concerning litigation or other matters; statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates or forecasts
for our business, financial and operating results and future economic performance; statements of our management’s goals and objectives;
statements concerning our competitive environment, availability of resources and regulation; trends affecting our financial condition,
results of operations or future prospects; our financing plans or growth strategies; and other similar expressions concerning matters
that are not historical facts. Words such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “could”, “would”,
“predicts”, “potential”, “continue”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “future”,
“intends”, “plans”, “believes” and “estimates,” and variations of such terms or similar
expressions, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the
times at, or by which, that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available
at the time they are made and/or our management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events. Our actual results
may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors including, but
not limited to, those set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus, as well as other risks discussed in
documents that we file with the SEC. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting
forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking
statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.
You should review our subsequent reports filed with the SEC described in the sections of this prospectus and the accompanying prospectus
entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference,” all of
which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY The
following summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary may not contain all of the information
that may be important to you. You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the sections entitled “Risk Factors”
and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our historical financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. In this prospectus, unless otherwise noted, the terms “the
Company,” “Laser Photonics,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Laser Photonics Corporation. Company
Overview We
were formed as a Wyoming corporation on November 8, 2019. We changed our domicile to Delaware on March 5, 2021. We are a vertically integrated
manufacturing company for photonics-based industrial products and solutions and, since recently acquiring the assets of Control Micro
Systems, Inc. (“CMS”), have now expanded the market for our laser products into the large, growing pharmaceutical manufacturing
vertical, in what we believe is a recession-resistant sector with significant barriers to entry. We
are pioneering a new generation of laser blasting technologies focused on disrupting the sandblasting and abrasives blasting markets.
We offer a full portfolio of integrated laser blasting solutions for corrosion control, rust removal, de-coating, pre-welding and post-welding,
laser cleaning and surface conditioning. Our solutions span use cases throughout product lifecycles, from product fabrication to maintenance
and repair, as well as aftermarket operations. Our laser blasting solutions are applicable in most industries dealing with materials
processing, including automotive, aerospace, healthcare, consumer products, shipbuilding, heavy industry, machine manufacturing, nuclear
maintenance and de-commissioning and surface coating. Our
vertically integrated operations allow us to reduce development and advanced laser equipment manufacturing time, offer better prices,
control quality and protect our proprietary know-how and technology compared to other laser cleaning companies and companies with competing
technologies. 2 We
initiated our sales efforts in December 2019. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we generated sales of $8.3 million,
compared to $3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. We are strategically positioned to drive growth and innovation in the
laser technology market by targeting three key customer segments: government entities, Fortune 1000 companies, and medium/small businesses.
Each of these segments presents unique opportunities and challenges, and our business model is designed to cater specifically to the
needs and growth potential within each category. For
government entities, we provide highly specialized laser solutions that meet stringent regulatory and performance standards. This segment
benefits from our expertise in delivering reliable, durable, and effective laser systems for various applications, from defense and aerospace
to public infrastructure projects. Working with government clients not only solidifies our reputation as a trusted provider of advanced
laser technology but also paves the way for new contracts and collaborative projects. One of our current projects is the Laser Shield
Anti-Drone System (“LSAD”), a joint development with our affiliate, Fonon Drone Shield Solutions, Inc., to create a laser
defense system to serve as an immediate response defense system for addressing the threat of small-scale unmanned aerial systems in conflict
zones and expeditionary locations. We successfully completed a test of the LSAD prototype at our Orlando facility. Fortune
1000 companies represent another critical segment, where our laser technology can significantly enhance operational efficiency, precision,
and productivity. By addressing the unique challenges of large-scale industrial applications, we position ourselves as an essential partner
in the innovation strategies of these corporations. Our advanced laser solutions help these clients stay competitive and maintain high-quality
standards, driving repeat business and fostering long-term partnerships. Medium
and small businesses constitute the third pivotal segment of our customer base. Recognizing the distinct needs and constraints of this
market, we launched the Service Partner Network (SPN). This initiative is designed to empower medium and small businesses by providing
them access to mobile demonstration units, enabling them to experience the advantages of our laser technology firsthand. The SPN serves
a dual purpose: it facilitates immediate equipment sales and acts as a catalyst for demonstrating the practical benefits and capabilities
of our products. Through
the SPN, we also support entrepreneurs looking to start their own mobile laser cleaning or rental service businesses. Our marketing team
plays a crucial role in this ecosystem by generating and distributing leads to SPN members for a fee, thereby creating a continuous revenue
stream. This collaborative approach not only bolsters the success of our SPN partners but also promotes sustained long-term revenue growth
for us. By
strategically targeting these three customer segments and leveraging the SPN to enhance our market penetration and product visibility,
we believe we are well-positioned for robust growth. Our comprehensive business model not only enhances customer engagement and satisfaction
across diverse markets but also solidifies our standing as an innovative leader in the laser technology industry. We
market our products globally through our direct sales force which is located in the United States. Recent
Developments On
October 18, 2023, we entered into a license agreement with an affiliated company, Fonon Technologies, Inc., which is majority-owned by
ICT Investments, for an exclusive, worldwide, non-transferable license for high power turbo piercing (“Cold Cutting”) laser
cutting technology and any improvements to such technology to allow us to manufacture, sell, export and import products incorporating
such technology in return for our paying a license fee of $350,000 in cash and a one-time grant of 1,000,000 restricted shares of our
Common Stock to ICT Investments. 3 ICT
Investments, LLC (“ICT” or “ICT Investments”) currently owns approximately 14% of the outstanding shares
of our Common Stock, Fonon Drone Shield Solutions, Inc., an affiliate of ICT Investments, currently owns approximately 9% of the outstanding
shares of our Common Stock, Fonon Quantum Technologies owns approximately 9% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock and
Fonon Technologies owns approximately 3% of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock and collectively are our majority stockholders.
Dmitriy Nikitin has significant voting power for all matters that are submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders
since he currently owns approximately 34% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company’s common stock through his ownership
of all membership interests of ICT Investments which is the controlling entity of Fonon Drone Shield Solutions, Inc., Fonon Quantum Technologies
and Fonon Technologies, Inc. On May 21, 2024 we entered into a license agreement with Fonon Drone Shield Solutions, Inc. to receive
an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license to its laser material processing equipment and technology, including all applications
of laser cutting, marking, engraving, laser welding, brazing, ablation, laser drilling, semiconductor chip marking, semiconductor and
flat panel display laser processing equipment, all other laser material processing equipment documented or existing in a form of know-how
and/or trade secrets in return for 3,000,000 restricted shares of our Common Stock. Through our affiliation with ICT Investments, its
portfolio companies and its customers, we have access to more than 1,500 high profile Fortune 5000 customer prospects as well as recognition
as a global leader in manufacturing premium laser equipment. In addition, through the expertise and reputation of our officers, board
members and advisors, we have the foundation of our technologically advanced, disruptive laser systems specifically suited for most material
processes with specific cleaning requirements and challenges. On
October 30, 2024, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with CMS, a laser company located in Orlando, Florida, that designs and
builds turnkey laser material processing systems for marking, cutting, drilling and welding. CMS allows us to expand into the pharmaceutical
market for controlled-release medications that is expanding rapidly, driven by the growing need for more effective and patient-friendly
drug delivery systems. Controlled-release tablets, which gradually release medication over time, require precision manufacturing techniques
to ensure the proper dosage and timing of active ingredient release. Laser technology plays a critical role in creating micro-drilled
apertures in these tablets, ensuring accurate and consistent drug release. We believe that there is a significant opportunity to unlock
CMS’s growth potential by integrating it into our existing sales and marketing infrastructure, enhancing customer engagement and
expanding our market reach to maximize revenues from current customers and attract new clients. With
global pharmaceutical companies focusing on enhancing drug delivery mechanisms, we expect the demand for laser-based solutions like those
provided by CMS to rise. We believe that CMS’ experience in supplying laser systems to pharmaceutical companies, coupled with our
sales and marketing expertise, positions us to take full advantage of this growing market segment. We acquired all business assets of
CMS, including its intellectual property and its existing workforce, including engineers and customer support personnel, that we believe
will add significant value to the acquired CMS assets. On
February 10, 2025, we entered into a Lease Termination Agreement with 2701 Maitland Building Associates, LLC, the Landlord of Suite 125
containing approximately 7,981 rentable square feet that we had leased from November 7, 2022 through December 31, 2025, at a base monthly
rent of $14,818.06 (“Suite 125”). In light of our entering into a long-term lease at 250 Technology Park. Lake Mary, Florida
32746 on July 1, 2024, we determined that it did not need Suite 125 for its future growth and, since it could not sublet this space,
we entered into the Lease Termination Agreement to reduce our lease expense. Under the terms of the Lease Termination Agreement, we agreed
to pay a monthly termination fee of $14,912.14 base rent plus operating expenses for five months, saving us approximately $80,000 in
lease payments for 2025. On
July 7, 2025, we and our subsidiary, Control Micro Systems Florida, LLC, entered into a Business Loan and Security Agreement with Agile
Capital and Agile Lending under which we received a term loan in the principal amount of $2,100,000 with total interest of $924,000 (the
“Loan”) to be repaid through weekly principal and interest payments of $94,500 commencing July 16, 2025, and ending February
18, 2026, subject to payment of a $100,000 administrative agent fee paid to Agile Capital. On
August 5, 2025, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Fonon Quantum Technologies, Inc., an affiliate of ICT Investments, to
acquire the assets of Beamer Laser, a company that manufactures IR fiber laser marking systems that provide standard, engineered and
inline 1064nm IR laser marking solutions for a variety of industries used in tracking and traceability to serialization, 2D codes and
decorative marking. We believe that the acquisition of these assets will be of substantial financial benefit in terms of its future sales
given the importance of Beamer Laser’s standard industrial marking solutions and modular design to allow for smooth integration
into manufacturing workflows, its U.S.-based manufacturing capabilities that should help us mitigate supply chain issues and tariffs
to ensure better control over manufacturing quality, lead times and costs and with Beamer Laser’s established customer base, which
includes Fortune 100 companies in aerospace, defense and pharmaceuticals, provide us with new growth opportunities for our other laser
technology products. 4 On
August 28, 2025, we closed a convertible note financing with Hudson Global Ventures, LLC (“Hudson Global”). In connection
with this financing, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “SPA”) with Hudson Global requiring that we (i)
issue 418,000 shares of our Common Stock as commitment shares, (ii) issue a warrant for 157,258 shares of our Common Stock at a conversion
price of $4.34 per share subject to customary adjustments for fundamental corporate actions such as mergers, reverse splits and stock
dividends, that is exercisable for five years or that we must earlier pay the Event of Default Black Scholes Value as that term is defined
in the warrant if our Common Stock is deemed “penny Stock” under SEC Rule 240.3a51-1, and (iii) issue a 12 month secured
convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $455,000 (the “Hudson Convertible Note”) bearing annual interest
of 12% to be repaid through monthly amortization payments of $45,818 and that is convertible into shares of our Common Stock at a fixed
price of $4.34 per share, subject to customary adjustments for fundamental corporate actions such as mergers, reverse splits and stock
dividends, that can be prepaid within the first 60 days from August 27, 2025, without any penalty and after 60 days from August 27, 2025,
at a payment of 118% of the accrued and unpaid interest and unpaid principal of the Hudson Convertible Note. Under the terms of the SPA,
Hudson Global has piggyback rights for the conversion shares underlying the warrant and the Hudson Convertible Note as well as for the
commitment shares. On
September 2, 2025, we entered into an agreement to exchange certain outstanding warrants issued in the August 2024 PIPE financing (the
“Exchange Agreement”). These warrants, which had an exercise price of $4.34 per share and included a full ratchet anti-dilution
provision, entitled holders to purchase up to an aggregate of 0.8 million shares of our Common Stock. In exchange for relinquishing these
warrants, the warrant holders received unrestricted shares of our Common Stock equal to 400% of the number of shares of our Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants that for all warrant holders results in an aggregate of 3.2 million unrestricted shares of our
Common Stock. We agreed, subject to customary exceptions, for a period of 30 days starting on September 3, 2025, not to issue any shares
of our Common Stock nor to file any registration statant or any amendment or supplement to any existing registration statement. We also
issued to the placement agent facilitating the Exchange Agreement or its designees warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to
56,000 shares of our restricted Common Stock that are exercisable for five years at $5.0250 per share subject to customary adjustments,
including for stock splits, stock dividends, rights offerings and fundamental transactions such as a merger resulting in a change of
control. On
September 12, 2025, we issued to four investors certain unsecured promissory notes (the “Notes”) under the terms of a Note
Purchase Agreement (the “NPA”). The Notes were (i) in the total principal amount of $2,111,111.12 with an Original
Issuance Discount (“OID”) equal to 10% that resulted in the Company receiving net proceeds of $1,129,400 following deductions
for expenses, including an 8% placement agency fee and 1% non-accountable allowance paid to RBW Capital Partners LLC (“RBW”),
a division of Dawson James Securities, Inc., under the terms of a Placement Agency Agreement dated September 5, 2025, between the Company
and RBW, and repayment of principal and accrued and unpaid interest of $509,600 owed to Hudson Global Ventures, LLC (“Hudson Global”)
under a convertible note in the principal amount of $455,000 issued under the term of a Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 27,
2025, (ii) due the earlier of three (3) months from the dates of the Notes which were all September 12, 2025, or in the event
of a prior subsequent financing by the Company, the Notes at the option of the holder had to be repaid in full or, if applicable,
were exchangeable into the consideration in the subsequent offering, (iii) subject to a payment in the event of a default of 120%
of the unpaid principal amount, accrued interest and all other amounts owing under the Notes, which amount increases by 5% every 30 days
following the date of the event of default until the Notes were paid in full (the “Mandatory Default Amount”) and
(iv) limited to prepayment only upon a change of control of the Company subject to payment of the Mandatory Default Amount. The principal
amount of the Notes and the default interest due under the terms of the Notes were repaid through the proceeds of an S-1 financing led
by Wainwright that was declared effective February 6, 2026. On
September 22, 2025, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with certain accredited investors
(the “Investors”), pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to the Investors in a private placement (i) 1,373,630 shares
of Common Stock at a price of $3.64 per Share, (ii) Series A warrants to purchase up to 1,373,630 shares of Common Stock and (iii) Series
B warrants to purchase up to 1,373,630 shares of Common Stock for total aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $4 million. The offering
closed on September 30, 2025. The Series A Warrants have an exercise price of $3.40 per share, are exercisable upon issuance (the “Initial
Exercise Date”), and expire five years following the effective date of the resale registration statement on Form S-1 that we filed
under the terms of a registration rights agreement in connection with the Purchase Agreement. The Series B Warrants have an exercise
price of $3.40 per share, are exercisable commencing on the Initial Exercise Date and expire eighteen months following the effective
date of the resale registration statement. Wainwright acted as the exclusive placement agent for the issuance and sale of these securities.
The Company agreed to pay up to an aggregate cash fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds received by the Company from this offering
and issued to Wainwright warrants to purchase up to 153,212 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price per share of $4.55, which
are exercisable commencing upon issuance and a have term of five years after effective date of resale registration statement. 5 On
February 9, 2026, we conducted a public offering of an aggregate of (i) 7,142,858 shares (the “Shares”) of our common
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at an offering price per Share and associated Warrants of $0.70,
(ii) five year Series A-1 Common Stock purchase warrants (the “Series A-1 Warrants”) to purchase up to 7,142,858 shares of
Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.70 per share, and (iii) twenty-four month Series A-2 Common Stock purchase warrants (the “Series
A-2 Warrants”, and, collectively with the Series A-1 Warrants, the “Warrants”) to purchase up to 7,142,858 shares of
Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.70 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $5,000,000.60. In connection with the closing,
the Company issued to Wainwright or its designees warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $0.875 per share, which are exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a termination date of February 6, 2031. Additionally,
in connection with a note financing conducted by the Company in September 2025, the Company paid Wainwright a cash fee equal to $147,777.78
and issued to Wainwright’s designees unregistered warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 57,058 shares of Common Stock at an
exercise price of $3.2375 per share, which are exercisable immediately upon issuance and have a termination date of February 6, 2031.
The net proceeds received by the Company after commissions, fees, legal expenses, and payment of the cash fee to Wainwright, was $4,121,273. On
March 15, 2026, we entered into a warrant inducement agreement with the holders of existing Series A and Series B warrants to purchase
up to 1,373,630 shares of our Common Stock (the “Existing Warrants”) at an original exercise price of $3.40 per share as
set forth in the Company’s S-1 registration statement (Registration No. 333-290875) declared effective on December 31, 2025. We
offered as an inducement to these warrant holders for exercising the Existing Warrants in cash, a reduced exercise price of $1.08 per
share, our issuance of replacement warrants to these warrant holders through the issuance of Series A-3 warrants to purchase up to an
aggregate of 1,373,630 shares of our Common Stock and Series A-4 warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,373,630 shares our Common
Stock that have similar terms with the Series A and Series B warrants, other than a current exercise price of $1.08 per share and the
terms discussed below. The Series A-3 and Series A-4 warrants are exercisable upon the approval date by our shareholders for the issuance
of the shares underlying the warrants (the “Initial Exercise Date”). The Series A-3 warrants will expire five years after
the later of (i) the Initial Exercise Date and (ii) the effective date of the S-1 registration statement that the Company must file to
register the shares of common stock underlying the Series A-3 and Series A-4 warrants (the “Effective Date”), and the Series
A-4 warrants will expire eighteen months after the later of (a) the Initial Exercise Date and (b) the Effective Date. We face a cash
penalty as provided in the warrant inducement agreement for a failure to meet the required dates for filing the S-1 registration statement
and it being declared effective by the SEC as discussed below. The number of Series A warrants and Series B warrants to be exercised
for cash are subject to beneficial ownership limitations of either 4.99% or 9.99% at the election of the Series A and Series B warrant
holders. To the extent that the beneficial ownership limitations apply, the balance of any issuance of free trading shares of the Company’s
common stock will be held in abeyance until notice from the warrant holder that the balance (or portion thereof) may be issued in compliance
with such beneficial ownership limitations, and those underlying shares of the Company’s common stock will be treated as having
been prepaid, including the cash payment in full of the exercise price. Wainwright
served as exclusive placement agent for this transaction. Under the terms of its August 21, 2025, engagement agreement with us, as amended
on February 13, 2026, Wainwright has received a cash fee of 7.0% of the funds raised through the warrant inducement agreement and a placement
agent warrant to Wainwright or its designees to purchase up to 153,212 shares of the Company’s common stock (equal to 7.0%
of our shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Existing Warrants) exercisable on or after the Initial Exercise Date for five
years after the later of (i) the Initial Exercise Date and (ii) the Effective Date, at an exercise price of $1.35 per share, and reimbursement
of Wainwright’s accountable expenses of up to $75,000 and clearing expenses of $15,950. 6 Under
the terms of the Warrant Inducement Agreement, we received $1,483,520.40 and must file this registration statement within 30 days
from the date of this agreement on Form S-1 to register the sale of the 2,747,260 shares of common stock underlying the Series A-3 and
Series A-4 warrants and either 60 days or 90 days for this S-1 registration statement to be declared effective depending on whether it
is reviewed or not by the SEC. In addition, we are prohibited (i) for 15 days from the closing of the warrant inducement agreement
from issuing, entering into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of its common stock or
common stock equivalents or filing any registration statement or any amendment or supplement to any existing registration statement,
with certain exceptions, and (ii) for 12 months from the closing of the warrant inducement agreement from entering into any variable
rate transaction, subject to an exception. Growth
Strategy Our
objective is to achieve a leadership position in our industry with a focus in growth technologies including laser welding, laser cutting,
laser cleaning, semiconductor, 3-D printing, and anti-drone defense. The key elements of our growth strategy are: Multi-Market
and Multi-Product Approach . We intend to develop and manufacture laser systems for a variety of markets to reduce the financial impact
that a downturn in any one market would have. Accent
on Developing Standard Systems for Specific Markets. We expect to increase sales through an industry-recognized expertise in clearly
defined markets with substantial sales demand such as rust removal equipment for the shipbuilding industry, laser de-contamination equipment
for the nuclear industry and laser blasting cabinets for the general manufacturing industry. Broaden
Customer Relationships . We expect to develop a global diversified customer base in a variety of industries. We seek to differentiate
ourselves from our competitors through superior product pricing, performance and service. We believe that a global presence and investments
in application engineering and support will create competitive advantages in serving multinational and local companies. New
Product Development . We intend to target new applications early in the development cycle and drive adoption by leveraging our strong
customer relationships, engineering expertise and competitive production costs. We
intend to continue to stay ahead of the technology curve by researching and developing cutting edge products and technologies for both
large and small businesses. In addition to our attention to Fortune 1000 companies, we also view the small companies as an attractive
market opportunity since they were previously unable to take advantage of laser processing equipment due to high prices, significant
operating costs and the technical complexities of the laser equipment. As a result, we are developing a group of standardized laser cleaning
equipment that we have named the CleanTech™ laser blaster family of equipment that we believe represents a new generation of high
power laser cleaning and rust removal systems that will be affordable to more than a million small and mid-size companies. 7 Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company As
a company with less than $1.235 billion in revenue during our most recently completed fiscal year, we qualify as an “emerging growth
company” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which we refer to as the Securities Act, as modified
by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified
reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable, in general, to public companies that are not emerging growth
companies. These provisions include: ● Reduced
    disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; ● No
    non-binding stockholder advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; ● Exemption
    from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and ● Reduced
    disclosure of financial information in this prospectus, limited to two years of audited financial information and two years of selected
    financial information. As
a smaller reporting company, each of the foregoing exemptions is currently available to us. We may take advantage of these exemptions
for up to five years following our initial public offering on September 29, 2022, or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging
growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company if we have more than $1.235 billion in annual revenues as of the end
of a fiscal year, if we are deemed to be a large-accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or if we
issue more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year-period. Notwithstanding
the above, we are also currently a “smaller reporting company”, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed
issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than
$75 million and annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still
considered a “smaller reporting company”, at such time as we cease being an “emerging growth company”, the disclosure
we will be required to provide in our SEC filings will increase but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either
an “emerging growth company” or a “smaller reporting company”. Specifically, similar to “emerging growth
companies”, “smaller reporting companies” are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their
filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) requiring
that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required
to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. 8 ABOUT
THIS OFFERING Common
    Stock Currently Outstanding: 32,544,703
    shares of Common Stock. Securities
    Offered by the Selling Stockholders: 2,900,472 shares of Common Stock that consists of (i) up to an aggregate of 1,373,630 shares of Common Stock that are issuable upon exercise
    of the Series A-3 Warrants, (ii) up to an aggregate of 1,373,630 shares of Common Stock that are issuable upon exercise of the Series
    A-4 Warrants and (iii) up to 153,212 shares of Common Stock that are issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants. Common
    Stock Outstanding before the offering (1) 32,544,703
    shares of Common Stock. Common
    stock to be Outstanding Assuming Exercise of the Warrants (3) 35,388,117
    shares of Common Stock. Selling
    Stockholders All
    of the shares of our Common Stock are being offered by the Selling Stockholders. See “Selling Stockholders” on page 10
    of this prospectus for more information on the Selling Stockholders. Plan
    of Distribution The
    Selling Stockholders will determine when and how they will sell the Common Stock covered by this prospectus. See the “Plan
    of Distribution” section of this prospectus. Risk
    factors Investing
    in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth
    in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 10  before deciding to invest in our securities. Nasdaq
    trading symbol Our
    Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “LASE”. (1) The
    number of shares of Common Stock that will be outstanding after this offering is based on 32,544,703 shares of Common Stock outstanding
    as of March 31, 2026, and excludes the remaining 118,032 unexercised shares of the underwriters’ warrants in connection with
    our initial public offering in September 2022 and placement agent warrants in connection with the recent note financing and warrant
    exchange transactions. See “The Company-Recent Developments” section of this prospectus. 9 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should consider carefully
the specific risk factors discussed below and under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2026, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus in
its entirety, as well as any amendment or updates to our risk factors reflected below and in subsequent filings with the SEC, including
any prospectus supplement hereto or any related free writing prospectus. These risks and uncertainties are not the only risks and uncertainties
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently view as immaterial, may also impair our business.
If any of the risks or uncertainties described below and in our other SEC filings or any additional risks and uncertainties actually
occur, our business, financial conditions, results of operations, stock price and prospectus could be materially and adversely affected.
In that event, the price of our securities could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks
Related to This Offering Sales
of substantial amounts of our Common Stock by a Selling Stockholder, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely
affect the price of our Common Stock. The
sale by the Selling Stockholders of a significant number of shares of Common Stock could have a material adverse effect on the market
price of our Common Stock. In addition, the perception in the public markets that the Selling Stockholder may sell all or a portion of
its shares as a result of the registration of such shares for resale pursuant to this prospectus could also in and of itself have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of Common
Stock or the availability of those shares of Common Stock for sale will have on the market price of our Common Stock. USE
OF PROCEEDS We
will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares by the Selling Stockholders pursuant to this prospectus. However, we
may receive cash proceeds equal to the total exercise price of the Common Warrants to the extent that they are exercised using cash.
Any proceeds that we receive from the exercise of the Common Warrants will be used for inventory purchases, artist costs for upcoming
festivals, transaction cost, expanded sales, marketing, partial prepayment of an outstanding note and general working capital. The
Selling Stockholders will pay any agent’s commissions and expenses they incur for brokerage, accounting, tax or legal services
or any other expenses that they incur in disposing of the shares of Common Stock. We will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred
in effecting the registration of the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus and any prospectus supplement. These may include,
without limitation, all registration and filing fees, SEC filing fees and expenses of compliance with state securities or “blue
sky” laws. We
cannot predict when or if the Common Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants will be exercised, and it is possible that the Warrants may
expire and never be exercised. In addition, the Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis in certain circumstances. As a result, we
may never receive meaningful, or any, cash proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants, and we cannot plan on any specific uses of any
proceeds we may receive beyond the purposes described herein. See
“Plan of Distribution” elsewhere in this prospectus for more information. DIVIDEND
POLICY We
paid a one-time cash dividend for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the amount of $310,280. We currently intend to retain all available
funds and any future earnings, if any, and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to
declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number
of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business
conditions, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. SELLING
STOCKHOLDERS The
shares of Common Stock being offered by the Selling Stockholders are those shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common
Warrants and the Placement Agent Warrants. For additional information regarding the issuances of those shares of Common Stock and the
Warrants, see “Warrant Inducement Agreement” and “Recent Developments” above. We are registering the shares of
Common Stock to permit the Selling Stockholders to offer the shares of Common Stock for resale from time to time. The Selling Stockholders
have not had any material relationship with us within the past three years. 10 The
table below lists the Selling Stockholders and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock by
each of the Selling Stockholders. The second column lists the number the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by each Selling Stockholder,
based on its ownership of the shares of Common Stock, including shares underlying the Warrants, as of March 31, 2026, assuming exercise
of the Warrants held by the Selling Stockholders on that date, without regard to any limitations on conversions or exercises. The third
column lists the maximum number of the shares of Common Stock being offered in this prospectus by the Selling Stockholders. The fourth
and fifth columns list the amount of the shares of Common Stock owned after the offering, by number of the shares of Common Stock and
percentage of outstanding the shares of Common Stock (assuming for the purpose of such percentage, 32,544,703 shares outstanding as of
March 31, 2026) assuming in both cases the sale of all of the shares of Common Stock offered by the Selling Stockholders pursuant to
this prospectus, and without regard to any limitations on conversions or exercises. Under
the terms of the Common Warrants issued under the Warrant Inducement Agreement, a Selling Stockholder may not exercise the warrants to
the extent such exercise would cause such Selling Stockholder, together with its affiliates, to beneficially own a number of shares of
Common Stock which would exceed 4.99% or 9.99%, as applicable, of our then outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise,
excluding for purposes of such determination shares of Common Stock not yet issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants and the Placement
Agent Warrants which have not been exercised. The number of Shares does not reflect this limitation. The Selling Stockholders may sell
all, some or none of their shares of Common Stock or the Common Warrants or Placement Agent Warrants in this offering. See “Plan
of Distribution.” Name of selling stockholder Number of Shares of Common
    Stock Owned Prior to Offering Maximum Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus Shares Beneficially Owned After
    Offering Number Percentage Intracoastal
    Capital LLC (1) 147,867 1,098,904 (2) 1,576,439 (3) 3.3 %* Iroquois
    Master Fund Ltd. (4) 0 769,232 (5) 1,000,000 (6) 2.1 %* Iroquois
    Capital Investment Group LLC (7) 0 329,672 (8) 428,572 (9) 0 L1 Capital
    Global Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd (10) . 0 549,452 (11) 0 0 Noam Rubinstein (12) 0 19,151 (13) 0 0 Augustus
    Trading LLC (14) 0 98,247 (15) 0 0 Charles Worthman (12) 0 1,533 (16) 0 0 Wilson
    Drive Holdings LLC (17) 0 34,281 (18) 0 0 * Denotes
    less than 1%. (1) The securities are directly held by Intracoastal Capital
    LLC (“Intracoastal”). Mitchell P. Kopin (“Mr. Kopin”) and Daniel B. Asher (“Mr. Asher”), each
    of whom are managers of Intracoastal, have shared voting control and investment discretion over the securities reported herein that
    are held by Intracoastal. As a result, each of Mr. Kopin and Mr. Asher may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities
    reported herein that are held by Intracoastal. The address of Intracoastal is 245 Palm Trail, Delray Beach, FL 33483. 11 (2) Consists of (i) 549,452 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
    of the Series A-3 Warrants and (ii) 549,452 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series  A-4  Warrants. (3) Consists of 714,286 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-1 warrants and
    714,286 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-2 warrants. ( 4) Richard Abbe, the President of Iroquois Master Fund, Ltd. (“IMF”),
    has voting and investment control of the shares held by IMF and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares. Mr. Abbe,
    however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by IMF. The registered address of IMF is 18 Forum Lane, 2nd Floor,
    Camana Bay, Grand Cayman KY1-1003, Cayman Islands. (5) Consists of (i) 384,616 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
    of the Series A-3 Warrants and (ii) 384,616 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-4 Warrants. (6) Consists of 500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-1 warrants and
    500,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-2 warrants. (7) Richard Abbe is the Managing Member of Iroquois Capital Investment
    Group, LLC, has voting and investment control of the shares held by Iroquois Capital Investment Group, LLC and may be deemed to be
    the beneficial owner of such shares. Mr. Abbe, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of the shares held by Iroquois Capital
    Investment Group, LLC. The business address of Iroquois Capital Investment Group, LLC is 2 Over Hill Rd. Suite 400 Scarsdale, NY
    10583. (8) Consists of (i) 164,836 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
    of the Series A-3 Warrants and (ii) 164,836 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-4 Warrants. (9) Consists
    of 214,286 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-1 warrants and 214,286 shares of Common Stock issuable upon
    exercise of the Series A-2 warrants. (10) David
    Feldman and Joel Arber are the Directors of L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. As such they may be deemed to be beneficial
    owners of such shares of common stock. To the extent Mr. Feldman and Mr. Arber are deemed to beneficially own such securities, Mr.
    Feldman and Mr. Arber disclaim beneficial ownership of these securities for all other purposes. The business address of L1 Capital
    Global Opportunities Master Fund., Ltd. is 161A Shedden Road, 1 Artillery Court, PO Box 10085, Grand Cayman KY1-1001, Cayman Islands. (11) Consists
    of (i) 274,726 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Series A-3 Warrants and (ii) 274,726 shares of Common Stock issuable
    upon exercise of the Series A-4 Warrants. (12) Each
    of the selling stockholders is affiliated with H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, a registered broker dealer with a registered business address of H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC, 430 Park Ave, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10022, and has voting and dispositive
    power over the securities held. The number of shares beneficially owned after this offering consists of shares of Common Stock issuable
    upon exercise of Placement Agent Warrants, which were issued as compensation. The selling stockholder acquired the Placement Agent
    Warrants in the ordinary course of business and, at the time the placement agent warrants were acquired, the selling stockholder
    had no agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute such securities. (13) Consists
    of 19,151 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants issued in connection with
    the Warrant Inducement Agreement and the Notes. (14) Orsium
    Capital LLC, the authorized agent to Augustus
    Trading LLC, has discretionary authority to vote and dispose of the securities held by Augustus Trading
    LLC and may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of these securities. Olivier Morali, in his capacity as managing member of Orsium
    Capital LLC, may also be deemed to have investment discretion and voting power over the shares held by Augustus Trading LLC. Orsium
    Capital LLC and Mr. Morali each disclaims any beneficial ownership of these securities. The registered business address
    of Augustus Trading LLC is 600 Lexington Avenue, 32nd Floor , New York, NY 10022 . (15) Consists
    of 98,247 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants issued in connection with
    under the Warrant Inducement Agreement and the Notes. (16) Consists
    of 1,533 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants issued in connection with under the Warrant
    Inducement Agreement and the Notes. (17) Craig
    Schwabe is the managing member of Wilson Drive and has the power to vote and dispose of the securities held. Neither Wilson Drive
    nor Mr. Schwabe is a broker-dealer. Mr. Schwabe is affiliated with the following registered broker-dealers: H.C. Wainwright &
    Co., LLC, Rodman & Renshaw LLC and Stockblock Securities LLC. The securities were acquired in the ordinary course of business
    and, at the time the securities were acquired, the selling stockholder had no agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly,
    with any person to distribute such securities. The registered business address of Wilson is 600 Lexington Avenue, 32nd Floor, New
    York, NY 10022. (18) Consists
    of 34,281 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants issued under the Warrant Inducement Agreement
    and the Notes. 12 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES THAT THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS ARE OFFERING General The
following description of our securities and certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws are summaries and are qualified by reference to the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws
that will be in effect on the closing of this offering. Copies of these documents have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to our registration
statement, of which this prospectus forms a part. The descriptions of the Shares and preferred stock reflect changes to our capital structure
that will be in effect on the closing of this offering. Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock $0.001 par value per share. As
of March 31, 2026, there were 32,544,703 shares of our Common Stock outstanding, held by 13 stockholders of record There are no
shares of our preferred stock issued or outstanding. Our
Board of Directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, to issue additional shares of our capital stock. Common
Stock As
of March 31, 2026, we had 32,544,703 shares of Common Stock outstanding and 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock authorized. Holders of
shares of Common Stock have the right to cast one vote for each share of Common Stock in their name on the books of our company, whether
represented in person or by proxy, on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common stock, including election of directors. There
is no right to cumulative voting in election of directors. Except where a greater requirement is provided by statute, by our certificate
of incorporation, or by our bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy duly authorized, of the one or more holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of our common stock constitutes a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote by the holders of a majority
of outstanding shares is required to effect certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger, or amendment of our certificate
of incorporation. There
are no restrictions in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. We have not declared any
dividends, and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. Holders
of shares of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive or subscription or conversion rights, and no redemption or sinking fund
provisions are applicable to our common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred
Stock Our
Board of Directors also has the authority to designate the rights and preferences, including but not limited to the voting rights, redemption
rights, conversion rights and right to payment of dividends, of our preferred stock. Under our certificate of incorporation, we have
10,000,000 authorized shares of “blank check” preferred. Authorized
but Unissued Shares The
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations
imposed by the listing standards of any exchange on which our shares are listed. These additional shares may be used for a variety of
corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common
stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or
otherwise. Special
Meeting of Stockholders; Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations; Stockholder Action; Forum Selection Our
certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of the
stockholders can only be called by chairperson of the Board, the chief executive officer, the president, the secretary or a majority
of the authorized number of directors. In addition, our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be
brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors.
Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of the meeting or brought before
the meeting by or at the direction of our Board of Directors, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is
entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to our secretary of the stockholder’s
intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting
stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. Further, our bylaws require that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is to be the sole
and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or our bylaws or (iv) any action or proceeding
asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This forum selection provision in our bylaws may limit our stockholders’
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Under our amended and restated bylaws, we have a quorum for annual
and special meetings of our shareholders of one-third of the shares entitled to vote at such meetings rather than a majority of such
shares. 13 Limitations
of Liability and Indemnification Delaware
Law Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides for, under certain circumstances, the indemnification of our officers, directors,
employees and agents against liabilities that they may incur in such capacities. Below is a summary of the circumstances in which such
indemnification is provided. In
general, the statute provides that any director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation may be indemnified against expenses (including
attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred in a proceeding (including
any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative proceeding) to which the individual was a party by reason of such status. Such indemnity
may be provided if the indemnified person’s actions resulting in the liabilities: (i) were taken in good faith; (ii) were reasonably
believed to have been in or not opposed to our best interests; and (iii) with respect to any criminal action, such person had no reasonable
cause to believe the actions were unlawful. Unless ordered by a court, indemnification generally may be awarded only after a determination
of independent members of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, by independent legal counsel or by vote of the stockholders
that the applicable standard of conduct was met by the individual to be indemnified. The
statutory provisions further provide that to the extent a director, officer, employee or agent is wholly successful on the merits or
otherwise in defense of any proceeding to which he or she was a party, he or she is entitled to receive indemnification against expenses,
including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the proceeding. Indemnification
in connection with a proceeding by us or in our right in which the director, officer, employee or agent is successful is permitted only
with respect to expenses, including attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense. In such actions,
the person to be indemnified must have acted in good faith, in a manner believed to have been in our best interests and must not have
been adjudged liable to us, unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought
shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expense which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Indemnification
is otherwise prohibited in connection with a proceeding brought on our behalf in which a director is adjudged liable to us, or in connection
with any proceeding charging improper personal benefit to the director in which the director is adjudged liable for receipt of an improper
personal benefit. Delaware
law authorizes us to reimburse or pay reasonable expenses incurred by a director, officer, employee or agent in connection with a proceeding
in advance of a final disposition of the matter. Such advances of expenses are permitted if the person furnishes to us a written agreement
to repay such advances if it is determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by us. The
statutory section cited above further specifies that any provisions for indemnification of or advances for expenses does not exclude
other rights under our certificate of incorporation, by-laws, resolutions of our stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
These indemnification provisions continue for a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation
and inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such persons. The
statutory provision cited above also grants us the power to purchase and maintain insurance policies that protect any director, officer,
employee or agent against any liability asserted against or incurred by him or her in such capacity arising out of his or her status
as such. Such policies may provide for indemnification whether or not the corporation would otherwise have the power to provide for it. Our
bylaws include an indemnification provision under which we have the power to indemnify our directors, officers, former directors and
officers, employees and other agents (including heirs and personal representatives) against all costs, charges and expenses actually
and reasonably incurred, including an amount paid to settle an action or satisfy a judgment to which a director or officer is made a
party by reason of being or having been our director or officer. Our bylaws further provide for the advancement of all expenses incurred
in connection with a proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such amounts if it is determined
that the party is not entitled to be indemnified under our bylaws. No advance will be made by us to a party if it is determined that
the party acting in bad faith. These indemnification rights are contractual, and as such will continue as to a person who has ceased
to be a director, officer, employee or other agent, and will inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such
a person. 14 At
present, we do not maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in order to limit the exposure to liability for
indemnification of directors and officers, including liabilities under the Securities Act; however, we are in the process of obtaining
such insurance. Certificate
of Incorporation Our
certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of our current and former directors for monetary damages to
the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for
monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: ● any
    breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; ● any
    act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; ● unlawful
    payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or ● any
    transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Such
limitation of liability does not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and does not affect the availability of equitable
remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes us to indemnify our directors, officers, employees, and other agents to the fullest extent permitted
by Delaware law. PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION Each
Selling Stockholder of the securities and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any
or all of their securities covered hereby on the principal trading market or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on
which the securities are traded or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. A Selling Stockholder may
use any one or more of the following methods when selling securities: ● ordinary
    brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● block
    trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the securities as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block
    as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● purchases
    by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● an
    exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● privately
    negotiated transactions; ● settlement
    of short sales; ● in
    transactions through broker-dealers that agree with the Selling Stockholders to sell a specified number of such securities at a stipulated
    price per security; ● through
    the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● a
    combination of any such methods of sale; or ● any
    other method permitted pursuant to applicable law. 15 The
Selling Stockholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 or any other exemption from registration under the Securities Act, if available,
rather than under this prospectus. Broker-dealers
engaged by the Selling Stockholders may arrange for other brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive commissions
or discounts from the Selling Stockholders (or, if any broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of securities, from the purchaser)
in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a supplement to this Prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in
excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or
markdown in compliance with FINRA Rule 2121. In
connection with the sale of the securities or interests therein, the Selling Stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers
or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they
assume. The Selling Stockholders may also sell securities short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan
or pledge the securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The Selling Stockholders may also enter into option
or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or create one or more derivative securities which require the
delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of securities offered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The
Selling Stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved in selling the securities may be deemed to be “underwriters”
within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers
or agents and any profit on the resale of the securities purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts
under the Securities Act. Each Selling Stockholder has informed the Company that it does not have any written or oral agreement or understanding,
directly or indirectly, with any person to distribute the securities. The
Company is required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the Company incident to the registration of the securities. The Company
has agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. We
agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the date on which the securities may be resold by the Selling Stockholders
without registration and without regard to any volume or manner-of-sale limitations by reason of Rule 144, without the requirement for
the Company to be in compliance with the current public information under Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar
effect or (ii) all of the securities have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule
of similar effect. The resale securities will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers if required under applicable
state securities laws. In addition, in certain states, the resale securities covered hereby may not be sold unless they have been registered
or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is
complied with. Under
applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale securities may not simultaneously
engage in market making activities with respect to the Common Stock for the applicable restricted period, as defined in Regulation M,
prior to the commencement of the distribution. In addition, the Selling Stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of the
Common Stock by the Selling Stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Stockholders
and have informed them of the need to deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time of the sale (including
by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act). LEGAL
MATTERS The
validity of the securities being offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by CM Law LLP, Washington, D.C. 16 EXPERTS The
financial statements as of December 31, 2024, and for the year then ended incorporated by reference in this prospectus have been audited
by M&K CPAS, PLLC, an independent registered public accounting firm, and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority
of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing, and the financial statements as of December 31, 2025, and for the year then ended
included in this prospectus have been audited by Weinberg & Company, P.A. an independent registered public accounting firm, and are
included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE
YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock offered
by this prospectus. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration statement, does not contain all the information set
forth in the registration statement, some of which is contained in exhibits to the registration statement as permitted by the rules and
regulations of the SEC. For further information with respect to us and our Common Stock, we refer you to the registration statement,
including the exhibits filed as a part of the registration statement. Statements contained in this prospectus concerning the contents
of any contract or any other document are not necessarily complete. If a contract or document has been filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement, please see the copy of the contract or document that has been filed. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a contract
or document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed exhibit. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains
reports and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov . We
are subject to the information reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and we file reports, proxy statements, and other information
with the SEC. These reports, proxy statements and other information is available at www.sec.gov . We
also maintain a website at www.laserphotonics.com. Information contained in, or accessible through, our website is not a part of this
prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is only as an inactive textual reference. INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The
SEC permits us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus the information contained in documents that we file with
the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. Information that is incorporated
by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus and you should read it with the same care that you read this prospectus. Information
that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information that is either contained, or incorporated by
reference, in this prospectus, and will be considered to be a part of this prospectus from the date those documents are filed. We have
filed with the SEC and incorporate by reference in this prospectus, except as superseded, supplemented or modified by this prospectus,
the documents listed below (excluding those portions of any Current Report on Form 8-K that are not deemed “filed” pursuant
to the General Instructions of Form 8-K): ● Our
    Annual Report on Form
    10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2026, and our Annual Report on Form
    10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on June 24, 2025; ● our
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2025, Form 10-Q for the
    quarter ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 29, 2024 Form 10-Q/A (Amendment No. 1) filed September 12, 2024 and Form 10-Q/A (Amendment No. 2) filed September 24, 2024, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on November
    18, 2024, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on July 3, 2025, and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
    June 30, 2025, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2025; ● our
    Current Reports on Forms 8-K filed with the SEC on February
    7, 2024, April
    11, 2024, April
    22, 2024, May
    13, 2024, June
    11, 2024, June
    27, 2024, August
    21, 2024, August
    23, 2024, August
    26, 2024, August
    27, 2024, August
    29, 2024, September
    4, 2024, September
    4, 2024 (both filings), September
    23, 2024, October
    2, 2024. November
    6, 2024, February
    10, 2025, February
    21, 2025, April
    23, 2025, May
    1, 2025, May
    29, 2025, June
    16, 2025, June
    25, 2025, July
    8, 2025, July
    23, 2025, July
    31, 2025, August
    11, 2025, September
    3, 2025, September
    18, 2025, and September
    26, 2025, November
    28, 2025, December
    4, 2025, December
    11, 2025, December
    31, 2025, January
    6, 2026, January
    13, 2026, February
    4, 2026, March
    18, 2026, March
    23, 2026 and April
    21, 2026 , (except for Item 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K which are not deemed “filed” for purposes of
    Section 18 of the Exchange Act and are not incorporated by reference in this prospectus); ,, ● our S-1 Registration
    Statement filed September 13, 2024, and our S-1/A Registration Statement filed January 30, 2026; ● our Schedule 14C filed September 27, 2024; and ● our Schedule 14A filed November 13, 2025. 17 We
also incorporate by reference into this prospectus additional documents that we may file with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (i) on or after the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms
a part and prior to effectiveness of such registration statement and (ii) on or after the date hereof but before the completion or termination
of this offering (excluding any information not deemed “filed” with the SEC). Any
statement contained in a previously filed document is deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent
that a statement contained in this prospectus or in a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes
the statement, and any statement contained in this prospectus is deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus
to the extent that a statement contained in a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes the
statement. We
will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, including any beneficial owner, upon the
written or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference herein, including exhibits. Requests
should be directed to: Laser
Photonics Corporation 250
Technology Park Lake
Mary, FL 32746 (407)
804-1000 For
other ways to obtain a copy of these filings, please refer to “Where You Can Find Additional Information” below. 18 LASER
PHOTONICS CORPORATION PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS _________
2026 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Unless
otherwise indicated, all references to “Laser Photonics,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,”
“us,” or similar terms refer to Laser Photonics Corporation and its subsidiaries. Item
13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The
following table sets forth an estimate of the fees and expenses relating to the distribution of the securities being registered hereby,
other than placement agent fees, all of which shall be borne by the registrant. All of such fees and expenses, except for the SEC registration
fee, are estimated: SEC
    registration fee $ 438.30 Printing
    Expenses $ – Accounting
    fees and expenses $ – Legal
    fees and expenses $ – Total $ 438.30 Item
14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law authorizes a court to award, or a corporation’s Board of Directors to grant, indemnity
to directors and officers in terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including
reimbursement for expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that will
be in effect on the closing of this offering permits indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and other agents to the maximum
extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, and our amended and restated bylaws that will be in effect on the closing of
this offering provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers and permit us to indemnify our employees and other agents, in
each case to the maximum extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. At
present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving a director or officer of Laser Photonics regarding which indemnification
is sought, nor is the registrant aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification. We
maintain insurance policies that indemnify our directors and officers against various liabilities arising under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
that might be incurred by any director or officer in his capacity as such. The
underwriters will be obligated, under certain circumstances, under the underwriting agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto, to indemnify
us and our officers and directors against liabilities under the Securities Act. II- 1 Item
15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. Set
forth below is information regarding shares of Common Stock issued, and options granted, since January 1, 2023: On
August 28, 2025, in connection with a convertible note financing with Hudson Global Ventures, LLC, we issued (i) 418,000 restricted shares
of our Common Stock as commitment shares,(ii) a warrant for 157,258 shares of our Common Stock at a conversion price of $4.34 per share
subject to customary adjustments for fundamental corporate actions such as mergers, reverse splits and stock dividends, and that is exercisable
for five years and (iii) a secured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $455,0000 that is convertible into shares of
our Common Stock at a fixed price of $4.34 per share, subject to customary adjustments for fundamental corporate actions such as mergers,
reverse splits and stock dividends, On
August 5, 2025, we issued 3,000,000 shares of our Common Stock to Fonon Quantm Technologies, Inc. (“FQTI”), an affiliate
of ICT Investments, the company that together with its affiliates has significant voting power over matters submitted
to a vote of our shareholders, to acquire the assets of Beamer Laser Marking Systems, the laser capital equipment manufacturing division
of ARCH Cutting Tools, Inc, a Michigan corporation, under the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement between us and FQTI. On
February 2, 2024, 17,000 shares of our Common Stock were issued to Jade Barnwell, our former CFO, under the terms of her employment agreement. During
the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid $350,000 and issued 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Fonon Technologies, Inc. (“FTI”),
a company controlled by ICT Investments, for a worldwide, exclusive license for all commercial and noncommercial applications of FTI’s
know-how and trade secrets for High Power Turbo Piercing (“Cold Cutting”) laser cutting equipment and technology under the
terms of a License Agreement dated October 18, 2023. The
offer, sale and issuance of the securities described in the paragraphs above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities
Act in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D in that the issuance of securities to the accredited investors did not involve a public offering.
Each of the recipients of the securities in this transaction acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for
sale in connection with any distribution thereof and appropriate legends were affixed to the securities issued in these transactions.
Each of the recipients of these securities in this transaction was an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. Item
16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a)
Exhibits. See
the Exhibit Index on the page immediately preceding the signature page for a list of exhibits filed as part of this registration statement
on Form S-1, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference. (b)
Financial Statement Schedules. All
financial statement schedules are omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. II- 2 Item
17. Undertakings. The
undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement: (i)
To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act (ii)
To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of this Registration Statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth
in this Registration Statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in the volume of securities offered (if the total
dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated
maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate,
the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation
of Registration Fee” table in the effective Registration Statement; and (iii)
To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this Registration Statement
or any material change to such information in this Registration Statement; provided,
however , that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective
amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the Registrant pursuant to Section
13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement or is contained in a form of
prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 427(b) that is part of this Registration Statement. (2)
That, for the purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new
registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at the time shall be deemed to
be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i)
Each prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of this Registration Statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the Registration Statement; and (ii)
Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on
Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in this Registration Statement as of the earlier of
the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering
described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter,
such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement
to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the
registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus
that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede
or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made
in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. The
Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the Registrant’s
annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s
annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in this Registration Statement shall be
deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the Registrant pursuant to the indemnification provisions described herein, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the
opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and
is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant
of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action,
suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the
Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be
governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II- 3 EXHIBIT
INDEX Exhibit
    Number Exhibit
    Description 3.1† Certificate
    of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 of Registrant’s Form 10-12G/A filed April 30, 2020) 3.2† Certificate
    of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.3 of Registrant’s Form 10-12G/A filed
    April 30, 2020) 3.3† Bylaws
    (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed March 23, 2026) 4.1† Form of Series A-3 Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed March 18, 2026). 4.2† Form of Series A-4 Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed March 18, 2026). 4.3* Form of Placement Agent Warrant. 4.4† Hudson
    Global Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed September 3, 2025). 5.1* Opinion
    of CM Law LLP 10.1+† 2019
    Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of Registrant’s Form S-1 filed November 16, 2021). 10.2+† Forms
    of Option Agreement, Stock Option Grant Notice, and Notice of Exercise under 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
    to exhibit 10.2 of Registrant’s Form S-1 filed November 16, 2021) 10.3† Exclusive
    License Agreement, dated January 1, 2020, between Laser Photonics Corporation and ICT Investments, LLC (incorporated by reference
    to exhibit 10.3 of Registrant’s Form S-1 filed November 16, 2021) 10.4† Transfer
    & Registrar Agreement, dated November 19, 2021, between Laser Photonics Corporation and Direct Transfer LLC (incorporated by
    reference to exhibit 10.4 of Registrant’s Form S-1/A filed February 7, 2022) 10.5† Commercial
    Sublease Agreement, dated December 1, 2019, between ICT Investments, LLC and Laser Photonics Corporation (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-12G/A filed by the Registrant on April 30, 2020) 10.6† Assignment
    of Lease Agreement between Fonon Technologies, Inc. and Laser Photonics Corporation, DBA name of Fonon Laser Technologies, LLC, effective
    March 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.6 of Registrant’s Form S-1/A filed August 1, 2022) 10.7† Amendment
    to Lease Agreement, dated September 28, 2021, between David & Harrell, LLC and Laser Photonics Corporation, DBA name of Fonon
    Laser Technologies, LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 of Registrant’s Form S-1/A filed August 1, 2022) 10.8† Exclusive
    License Agreement, dated October 18, 2023, between Laser Photonics Corporation and Fonon Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference
    to exhibit 10.8 of Registrant’s Form S-1 filed December 31, 2024) 10.9+† Offer
    Letter of Employment Carlos Sardinas dated April 8, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Registrant’s Form 8-K
    filed by on May 13, 2024) 10.10† Warrant
    Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2024, between Laser Photonics Corporation and certain Purchasers who are signatories thereto
    (filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K on August 23, 2024). 10.11† Registration
    Rights Agreement, dated August 16, 2024, between Laser Photonics Corporation and certain Purchasers who are signatories thereto (filed
    as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 23, 2024). 10.12† Placement
    Agent Agreement (filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K on August 23, 2024). 10.13† Form
    of Warrant Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed September 26, 2025). 10.14† Form
    of Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed September 26, 2025). 10.15† Warrant
    Purchase Agreement dated August 27, 2025 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of Registrant’s Form 8-K filed September
    3, 2025). 10.16† Form of Warrant Inducement Agreement dated March 15, 2026, between Laser Photonics Corporation and the Series A warrant holders and Series B warrant holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 18, 2026). 16.1† Letter
    submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated June 11, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 11, 2024) 23.1* Consent
    of M&K CPAS, PLLC, independent registered public accounting firm 23.2* Consent of Weinberg & Company, L.P. independent registered public accounting firm 24.1* Power of Attorney (set forth on Signature Page) 107* Filing Fee Table #
To be filed by amendment *
Provided herewith. +
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. †
Previously filed. II- 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in Orlando, Florida, on April 24, 2026. LASER
    PHOTONICS CORPORATION By: /s/
    Wayne Tupuola Wayne
    Tupuola President
    and CEO POWER
OF ATTORNEY KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Wayne Tupuola as their true and
lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for them and in their name, place and stead,
in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement, and to
sign any registration statement for the same offering covered by this registration statement that is to be effective on filing pursuant
to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact
and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done
in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as they might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all
that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement on Form S-1 has been signed by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/
    Wayne Tupuola President
    and CEO (Principal Executive Officer and Director) April
    24, 2026 Wayne
    Tupuola /s/
    Michael Lockey Controller April
    24, 2026 Michael Lockey (Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/
    Tim Miller Director April
24, 2026 Tim
    Miller /s/
    Troy Parkos Director April
    24, 2026 Troy
    Parkos /s/
    Carlos M. Gonzalez Director April
    24, 2026 Carlos
    M. Gonzalez /s/
    Qing Lu Director April
    24, 2026 Qing Lu II- 5