424B3 1 form424b3.htm 424B3 PROSPECTUS Filed
    Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) Registration
    No. 333-278564 1,982,356
Shares of Common Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of Common Stock Purchase Warrants This
prospectus relates to the resale by the selling stockholder named herein, including its transferees, assigns, pledgees or donees,
or their respective successors, as follow: ● The
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          resale of up to 980,393 shares of our
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“ Common Stock ”), issuable upon exercise of a Series A Warrant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          at an exercise price of $3.83 to purchase shares of Common Stock issued by us to an institutional investor (the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          “ Investor ”) on November 2, 2023 (the “ November 2023 Warrant ”), pursuant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          to the terms and conditions of a securities purchase agreement, dated as of October 30, 2023, by and between the Company and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          the Investor (the “ October 2023 SPA ”), the resale of such shares of Common Stock which were registered for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          resale in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-275726) and was originally declared effective by the Securities and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”) on December 1, 2023 (the “ December 2023 Registration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Statement ”). ● The
                                            resale of up to 1,001,963 shares of Common Stock, which includes (a) 266,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a warrant at an exercise
                                            price of $3.83 issued by us to the Investor on January 9, 2023 (the “ January
                                            2023 Warrant ”) pursuant to the
                                            terms and conditions of a securities purchase agreement, dated as of January 5, 2023,
                                            by and between the Company and the Investor (the “ January 2023 SPA ”) and
                                            (b) 735,296 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a Series B-1 Warrant at an exercise
                                            price of $5.05 to purchase issued by us to the Investor on February 20, 2024 (the “ February
                                            2024 Warrant”) , pursuant to the terms and
                                            conditions of an inducement letter, dated as of February 14, 2024, by and between
                                            our company and the Investor (the “ February 2024 Inducement Transaction ”)
                                            whereby the Investor agreed to exercise for cash the entirety of the Series B Warrant issued
                                            to the Investor on November 2, 2023 in connection with the October 2023 SPA at a reduced
                                            exercise price, the resale of such shares of Common Stock exercisable pursuant to the January
                                            2023 Warrant and the February 2024 Warrant which were registered for resale in the Registration
                                            Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 278564) and was originally declared effective by the
                                            SEC on April 26, 2024 (the “ April 2024 Registration Statement ”). The January
                                            2023 Warrant, the November 2023 Warrant and the February 2024 Warrant, are sometimes referred
                                            to collectively in this Prospectus as the “ Warrants. ” We
are not selling any securities under this prospectus and will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of Common Stock by the selling
stockholder, although we may receive funds upon the future exercise of Warrants held by the selling stockholder, if and when exercised
for cash. The selling stockholder may sell shares
of Common Stock underlying the Warrants (which we sometimes refer to herein collectively as the Selling Stockholder Shares) from time
to time in the principal markets on which our Common Stock is quoted at the prevailing market price, at prices related to prevailing
market prices or in negotiated transactions. The selling stockholder may sell the Selling Stockholder Shares to or through underwriters,
broker-dealers or agents, who may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling stockholder,
the purchasers of the Selling Stockholder Shares, or both. We are registering the offer and sale of the Selling Stockholder Shares pursuant
to certain registration rights granted to the selling stockholder. The timing and amount of any sale of Selling Stockholder Shares is
within the sole discretion of the selling stockholder. We do not know when or in what amount of Selling Stockholder Shares the selling
stockholder may offer for sale. We will pay the expenses of registering the Selling Stockholder Shares, including legal and accounting
fees. All selling and other expenses incurred by the selling stockholder will be borne by the selling stockholder. See “Plan of
Distribution” for additional information. Our
Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VVOS.” On January 12, 2026, the last reported
sale price of our Common Stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market was $2.07 per share. The
purchase of the Common Stock offered
through this prospectus is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors
beginning on page 10 of this prospectus and those risk factors incorporated herein by reference before purchasing any
of the securities offered by this prospectus. You should read the entire prospectus and any amendments or supplements
carefully before you make your investment decision. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of
these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense. The
date of this prospectus is January 7, 2026. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page About this Prospectus -ii- Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements -iii- Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 10 Use of Proceeds 12 Description of Our Securities 13 Selling Stockholder 19 Plan of Distribution 20 Legal Matters 22 Experts 22 Where You Can Find More Information 22 Incorporation of Certain Information By Reference 22 - i - ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS The
information contained in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. You should rely only on the information provided in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, in any prospectus supplement
or in a related free writing prospectus, or documents to which we otherwise refer you. We have not authorized anyone else
to provide you with different information. We
have not authorized any dealer, agent or other person to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and
any accompanying prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus. You must not rely upon any information or representation
not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or an accompanying prospectus supplement or any related free writing
prospectus. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, if any, do not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the registered securities to which they relate, nor
do this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, if any, constitute an offer to
sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or
solicitation in such jurisdiction. You should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus
supplement and any related free writing prospectus, if any, is accurate on any date subsequent to the date set forth on the front of
such document or that any information we have incorporated by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document
incorporated by reference, even though this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus
is delivered or securities are sold on a later date. We
have not done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus or any free writing prospectus
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. You are required to inform yourself about
and to observe any restrictions relating as to this offering and the distribution of this prospectus and any such free writing prospectus
outside the United States. We
further note that the representations, warranties and covenants made by us in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document
that is incorporated by reference in this prospectus were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in
some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to such agreements, and should not be deemed to be a representation,
warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such representations, warranties or covenants were accurate only as of the date when made. Accordingly,
such representations, warranties and covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. We
own or have rights to trademarks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business, including our corporate
names, logos and website names. In addition, we own or have the rights to copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary rights that
protect the content of our products. This prospectus may also contain trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies, which
are the property of their respective owners. Our use or display of third parties’ trademarks, service marks, trade names or products
in this prospectus is not intended to, and should not be read to, imply a relationship with or endorsement or sponsorship of us. Solely
for convenience, some of the copyrights, trade names and trademarks referred to in this prospectus are listed without their ©, ®
and ™ symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our copyrights, trade names and trademarks.
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. - ii - CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein contain forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations
and views of future events. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections included or incorporated by reference
entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Readers are cautioned that known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those over which we may have no control
and others listed in the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus, may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You
can identify some of these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,”
“is/are likely to,” “potential,” “continue” or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to: ● our
    ability to continue to refine and execute our evolving business plan, including establishing and growing our new sales, marketing
    and distribution model where we acquire or create contractual alliances with operators of sleep testing and treatment centers as
    a means of driving sales of our appliances, including our June 2025 acquisition of The Sleep Center of Nevada (“ SCN ”); ● our
    ability to implement and grow our sales, marketing distribution model, which is new and unproven and may not produce the benefits
    we anticipate; ● our
    ability to successfully integrate SCN business into our operations; ● our
    ability to service the substantial indebtedness we incurred in connection with financing the SCN acquisition; ● compliance
    with laws, rules and regulations relating to the corporate practice of medicine; ● the
    acceptance and adoption by dentists, sleep specialists, medical doctors and other healthcare professionals of our proprietary oral
    appliances as a treatment for dentofacial abnormalities and/or mild to severe obstructive sleep apnea (“ OSA ”)
    and snoring in adults and moderate to severe OSA in children ages 6-17 as per our U.S. Food and Drug Administration (or FDA) clearances; ● the
    potential financial benefits to dentists, sleep testing centers, sleep specialists, and other healthcare professionals from treating
    patients with The Vivos Method; ● our
    potential profit margin from sales or leasing of our appliances and other treatments and services, including our SleepImage ® home sleep testing rings; ● our
    ability to formulate, implement and modify as necessary effective sales, marketing and strategic initiatives to drive revenue growth
    (including, for example, our recently implemented strategic alliance and/or acquisition model, SleepImage ® home sleep
    apnea test and our arrangements with sleep clinics and durable medical equipment companies (“ DMEs ”)); ● the
    viability of our current intellectual property and our ability to create and protect new intellectual property created in the future; ● acceptance
    of our products and services by the medical and dental communities, as well as the marketplace of the products and services that
    we market; ● our
    ability to hire and retain key employees; ● the
    emergence of alternative technologies, devices, drugs or other therapies which directly or indirectly impact the marketability of
    our products and services; ● adverse
    changes in general market conditions for medical devices and the products and services we offer; ● our
    ability to generate cash flow and profitability and continue as a going concern; ● our
    future financing plans; and ● our
    ability to adapt to changes in market conditions (including as a result of volatile and difficulty to access capital markets) which
    could impair our operations and financial performance. These
forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results of operations or the results of other
matters that we anticipate could be materially different from our expectations. Important risks and factors that could cause our actual
results to be materially different from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those included in this prospectus and the documents
incorporated by reference herein and therein, as well as those contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2024, and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2025, June 30, 2025, and September 30, 2025, including
those described under “Risk Factors” herein and therein. Other risks may be described from time to time in our filings made
under the securities laws, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K.
We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. The
forward-looking statements made or incorporated by reference in this prospectus relate only to events or information as of the date on
which the statements are made in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after
the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should read this prospectus, the
documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the documents we have filed as exhibits to the registration statement, of
which this prospectus forms a part, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different
from what we expect. - iii - PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY The
following summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. It does not contain all of the information you need
to consider in making your investment decision. Before making an investment decision, you should read this entire prospectus carefully
and you should consider, among other things, the matters set forth under “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and
related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. This
summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference (see “Incorporation of Certain
Information by Reference”). It may not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in our securities.
You should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections, and the financial statements and related notes included or
incorporated by reference herein. This prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual
results may differ significantly from future results contemplated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors such as those
set forth in “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” In
this prospectus, unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms “the Company,” “Vivos,” “we,”
“our,” “ours” “us” or similar terminology refer to Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. Business
Overview We
are a medical technology and services company that features a comprehensive suite of proprietary oral appliances and therapeutic treatments.
Our products include non-surgically treat certain maxillofacial and developmental abnormalities of the mouth and jaws that are closely
associated with breathing and sleep disorders such as mild to severe obstructive sleep apnea (“ OSA ”) and snoring in
adults. We
offer three separate clinical pathways or programs to providers: (i) Guided Growth and Development, (ii) Lifeline and (iii) Complete
Airway Repositioning and Expansion (“ C.A.R.E. ”). Each program features specific oral appliances of ours, coupled with
specific therapeutic treatments, and each clinical pathway is intended to address the specific needs of a diverse patient population
with different patient journeys. We call the use of our appliances coupled with specific therapeutic treatment protocols The Vivos
Method. Our
Guided Growth and Development program features the Vivos Guide and PE x appliances along with CO 2 laser treatments
and other adjunctive therapies designed for treating palatal growth and expansion in pediatric patients as they grow. The mid-range priced
Lifeline program features a selection of mandibular advancement devices (“ MADs ”) such as the Versa and Vida Sleep
which are U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“ FDA ”) 510(k) cleared for mild-to-moderate OSA in adults, along with
the patented Vida appliance, which is FDA 510(k) cleared for the alleviation of Temporomandibular Joint Dysfunction (“ TMD ”)
symptoms, bruxism, migraine headaches, and nasal dilation. Our
flagship C.A.R.E. program features our patented DNA, mRNA and mmRNA appliances, which are FDA 510(k) cleared for mild-to-severe OSA and
snoring in adults. The Vivos Method may also include adjunctive myofunctional, chiropractic/physical therapy, and laser treatments that,
when properly used with the C.A.R.E. appliances, constitute a powerful non-invasive and cost-effective means of reducing or eliminating
OSA symptoms. In a small subset of a study, The Vivos Method was shown to reduce OSA symptoms in a statistically significant portion
of patients. According to Clinical Outcomes for the treatment of Mild-to-Severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea with non-permanent maxillary
expansion and mandibular advancement/expansion oral appliances: A retrospective analysis of real world data , by Clete Kushida, MD,
Ph.D. Division of Sleep Medicine, Stanford University and Colette Cozean, Ph.D., The EyeDeas Company, “[a]ll Patients treated with
mRNA showed an increase in transpalatal width while 97% of patients treated with DNA showed an increase. AHI improved or stayed the same
in 91% of DNA patients in 88% of mRNA patients. AHI improved by at least one classification for 63% of DNA patients as compared to 61%
of mRNA patients.” The primary competitive advantage of The Vivos Method over other OSA therapies is that The Vivos Method’s
typical course of treatment is limited in most cases to 12 to 15 months, and it is possible not to need lifetime intervention, unlike
CPAP and neuro-stimulation implants. Additionally, out of approximately 60,000 patients treated to date worldwide with our entire current
suite of products, there have been very few reported instances of relapse. 1 Although
not our current focus due to a pivot in our business model as described below, we have historically offered a suite of diagnostic and
support products and services primarily to dentists as well as medical providers and distributors who service patients with OSA or related
conditions. Such products and services include (i) VivoScore home sleep screenings and tests (powered by SleepImage ® technology),
(ii) Treatment Navigator (a concierge service to assist providers in educating and supporting patients as they navigate insurance coverage,
diagnostic indications and treatment options), (iii) Billing Intelligence Services (which optimizes medical and dental reimbursement),
(v) advanced training and continuing education courses at our Vivos Institute in Denver, Colorado, and (iv) MyoCorrect, a service through
which Vivos-trained providers can provide orofacial myofunctional therapy (“ OMT ”) to patients via a telemedicine platform.
Some of these services including home sleep screenings, treatment navigator services and MyoCorrect are being provided to patients directly
under the new sales, marketing and distribution model described below. With this shift in focus, we shifted our Medical Integration Division
to pursue strategic alliances and acquisitions of sleep centers to provide better options using Vivos products for patients who have
been diagnosed with OSA. Legacy
Business Model Our
business model has historically been to teach, train, and support primarily dentists but also medical doctors and distributors in the
use of our products and services. Dentists who use our products and services typically enroll in a variety of live or online training
and educational programs offered through our Vivos Institute; a 18,000 sq. ft. facility located near the Denver International Airport.
Dentists are able to select the specific program or clinical pathway that they want to focus on, such as Guided Growth and Development
or Lifeline or both. They could also enroll in our Vivos Integrated Provider (“ VIP ”) program for the complete set
training, educational, and support services available in all three clinical pathway programs. Dentists enrolled in the VIP program are
referred to as “VIPs.” We historically charged up front enrollment fees to educate and train new VIPs. We also charged for
the ancillary support services listed above and view each product and service as a revenue center. We refer to the VIP-focused business
model herein as our “legacy” or “historic” business model. New
Sales, Marketing and Distribution Model Over
the course of 2024 and first half of 2025, we worked to pivot our business strategy and began to steadily decrease our prior dependence
on dentists to sell our products and our dependence on VIP enrollment revenue. This new business strategy is focused on contractual alliances
with and outright acquisitions of sleep specialty providers, sleep centers and others and is based on a profit-sharing model between
us and the provider which aligns our revenue generation more directly to sales of our novel appliances. In June 2024, we entered into
our first contractual alliance with Rebis Health, a sleep center operator in Colorado. Revenues from this arrangement have not developed
as we had expected for many reasons beyond our control, but we learned important lessons which have led to changes to this model. In
June 2025, we acquired all assets, including operating assets such as sleep testing, diagnostics, and treatment centers, of R.D. Prabhu-Lata
K. Shete MDs, LTD., a Nevada professional corporation d/b/a The Sleep Center of Nevada (“ SCN ”). This acquisition marked
a milestone in the pivot to our sales, marketing distribution model for our innovative OSA appliances and treatment methods. Applying
this new model, SCN will provide sleep disorder patients with the opportunity to be candidates for our advanced, proprietary and FDA-cleared
C.A.R.E oral medical devices, oral appliances and additional adjunctive therapies and methods. Under customary agreements designed to
comply with applicable corporate practice of medicine law, our operation of SCN allows us to manage and capture both diagnostic and consulting
revenues, representing new higher margin revenue streams for us, as well as potential Vivos appliance and related product and service
revenue from SCN, while providing the dentist and medical doctor with the autonomy and independence to make the most appropriate treatment
decisions for their patients. For further information on the integration of SCN’s practice into our business, please see the section
below titled “ SCN Integration Update.” 2 We
are also exploring and seeking to implement additional acquisitions of, or collaborations with, medical sleep and similar healthcare
practices to expand our business model in an effort to grow our revenues. We refer to this new model herein alternatively as our new
sales, marketing and distribution model or our strategic alliance and/or acquisition model. SCN
Integration Update Our
operational planning for the integration of SCN began in April 2025, when we signed the definitive agreement to purchase the assets of
SCN. We believe these two months of advance planning has benefited the process of integrating SCN into our business, as our operations
team has been able to execute our plan on schedule and under budget with respect to two of SCN’s seven locations in the greater
Las Vegas area. Also, because of this effort, we recognized a small amount of SCN revenue during our fiscal second quarter (for the period
beginning with the June 10, 2025 Acquisition closing date through June 30, 2025). During the third quarter ended September 30, 2025 (the
first full quarter of SCN operations), we recognized SCN diagnostic revenue of $2.2 million and treatment revenue of $1.3 million. Our
goal is to continue to increase this diagnostic and treatment revenue in upcoming quarters. As
we had anticipated during the initial stage of SCN integration, patient demand is exceeding our capacity to process and treat patients
under our model which includes offering SCN patients Vivos treatment options. Our goal is to ramp up our systems and operations by strategically
deploying additional personnel and resources to meet this demand. We currently expect that some of SCN’s locations, including the
two already integrated, to be primary treatment hubs with larger patient capacities, with the remaining being referral centers (which
could be relocated facilities) requiring less time and effort to integrate. Our
operational plan is driven by our deployment of our Sleep Optimization (SO) teams, each consisting of one nurse practitioner (or physician’s
assistant) and two specially trained dentists, employed by a medical or dental professional corporation, six dental assistants, six administrative
support personnel, and one treatment navigator. These SO teams can be dedicated to high demand locations or spread across multiple locations
as circumstances dictate. We currently have 1.5 SO teams deployed across two SCN locations and expect to have two additional SO teams
deployed during the first quarter of 2026. We anticipate an initial ramp of up to 60 days for SO teams to become fully functional, and
up to six months or longer before net revenue collections match revenue generating activity (such as OSA diagnostic services or OSA treatment
case starts). With two additional SO teams planned for deployment in the first quarter of 2026, this provides us with an expected 3.5
SO teams operating by the end of the first quarter of 2026. Based on the current volume of OSA patient demand, we believe the current
addressable market served by SCN could support up to eight SO teams, and potentially more if certain planned growth initiatives and patient
referrals meet expectations. Such initiatives include, but are not limited to, the expansion of diagnostic and treatment services, the
establishment and rollout of a pediatric OSA program, and the collaboration with certain specialty medical groups who treat patients
with comorbid OSA but who lack the ability to test, evaluate and treat such patients within their existing practice environments. Based
on our experience to date, we believe our limiting constraints for near-term revenue growth at SCN are (1) physical space to see an optimal
number of patients; (2) provider and staff recruiting, training, and onboarding; and (3) customary issues with third party provider credentialing.
At the SCN locations we have onboarded, we are currently fully booked for appointments for three months, and we are processing what we
believe is less than 40% of patients attempting to get appointments for treatment. We expect the current deployment of 1.5 SO teams into
two facilities, coupled with the deployments of two additional SO teams in the first quarter 2026, will help reduce the backlog of patients
seeking treatment. However, we do not believe we will be able to fully meet current demand until additional SO teams are fully deployed
in 2026. Our
initial average case revenue and acceptance rate for Vivos treatment at SCN to date suggest that each SO team could potentially generate
collections in excess of $500,000 per month, net of adjustments, with contribution margins above 50%. In addition to current Vivos diagnostic
and treatment options, we expect to be able to offer SCN patients additional diagnostic and treatment services that could generate additional
high-margin revenue. It will take time for each SO team to reach full capacity, if at all, so the above figures should be viewed as our
current best estimates based on our limited operating experience and actual performance to date, rather than projections of our future
performance. That said, we continue to gather additional data that will allow us to refine our model and optimize operations, and results
of operations, in future periods. 3 Importantly,
we expect to apply the lessons learned from our SCN integration activities to future sleep center or medical practice acquisitions or
management collaborations we are currently exploring and hope to consummate in the future as described below. We expect to fund costs
associated with our SCN integration activities with net proceeds from our June 2025 debt and equity financings, potential future financings
and our At The Market (“ATM”) offering, and ultimately cash from operations. Revised
OSA Provider Management Model. In
addition to growth through acquisitions of medical sleep providers like SCN, we are actively developing a revised management model that
we are implementing in situations where the sleep center or medical practice owners are not interested in being purchased by us, but
are interested in making the full range of our OSA treatment options available to their patients. Our plan is to accomplish this type
of collaboration through the creation and pro-rata funding of a new management services entity that is jointly owned by the sleep center
owners and our company, but where our company retains a supermajority controlling interest. The revised management model incorporates
our experience with Rebis Health in Colorado, our first sleep provider collaboration arrangement which we entered into in 2024, and which
has not yet performed to our expectations. Under the revised model, through the co-owned management company, we will have more operational
control to help ensure that our business model is being properly implemented. We
believe this revised management model can provide financial upside for our company with limited capital expenditures, and with what we
believe are manageable risks. At the same time, this revised management model creates the potential for economic upside for sleep center
or medical practice collaborators who are currently not interested in an outright sale to our company. Moreover, we believe the overall
quality of care and service to the OSA patients of our medical provider collaborators can improve by having more treatment options available.
The revised management model, as in the previous model, is designed to be compliant with current state and federal healthcare, anti-kickback,
and corporate practice of medicine and dentistry regulations. On
July 14, 2025, we entered into our first management agreement under this revised approach with MISleep Solution LLC to provide our full
suite of Vivos treatments and services to OSA patients at a joint location in Auburn Hills, Michigan (which is near Detroit). Consistent
with our new model, our company owns a supermajority equity stake in the management services company, with the sleep doctors having minority
ownership interests. As of December 16, 2025, we have constructed and opened a new physical facility for sleep testing and treatment
in Auburn Hills, Michigan. The Auburn Hills center is currently open and operational. We have hired one SO team in Auburn Hills and are
currently in the process of onboarding and training that SO team. Based on our internal analysis and experience, we expect the economics
of our Detroit SO team to be similar to the economics described above for our SO teams at SCN, except that net profit distributions from
the management services entity will be paid out on a pro-rata basis (with our company receiving the supermajority share). As of this
time, we have minimal operating history in the Detroit, Michigan market or with this new model. However, we believe that the overall
benefit to our Company of this model derives from the limited risks (as opposed to outright acquisitions) and generally low equipment
and facility capital expenditures relative to the potential revenue opportunity. This model also obviates the need for us to finance
the purchase and other costs associated with our acquisition model. Potential
Provider Acquisition or Management Pipeline We
are currently in active discussions with a number of potential acquisition targets to follow our SCN acquisition and Detroit-area management
agreement. Every prospect must meet a rigorous set of criteria and standards in order to be considered by our mergers and acquisitions
team for acquisition or management. One such acquisition target is currently under an exclusive letter of intent with us. Our pipeline
of additional potential acquisition and management opportunities with sleep centers and medical sleep specialists continues to expand.
This is happening largely through word of mouth and very little expenditure in terms of marketing efforts to the more than 2,600 American
Academy of Sleep Medicine accredited sleep testing centers nationwide. We believe this pipeline of potential acquisition and management
activity, together with the experience gained from previous endeavors, will be a key driver of future accretive growth for us. 4 Background
on OSA OSA
is a serious and chronic disease that negatively impacts a patient’s sleep, health, and quality of life. According to a 2019 article
published in Chest Physician, it is estimated that OSA afflicts 54 million adults in the U.S. alone. According to a 2016 report
by Frost & Sullivan, OSA has an annual societal cost of over $149.6 billion. According to the study “ Global Prevalence of
Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) ” conducted by an international panel of leading researchers, nearly 1 billion people worldwide
have sleep apnea, and as many as 80% remain undiagnosed. Research has shown that when left untreated, OSA can increase the risk of comorbidities,
such as high blood pressure, heart failure, stroke, diabetes, dementia, chronic pain and other debilitating, life-threatening diseases. Unfortunately
for OSA patients, the medical profession has not been able to provide them with solutions that are both effective and desirable. CPAP
is the “gold standard” treatment for over 90% of OSA patients, but no one wants to wear those devices to bed every night
for life, rendering long-term compliance rates low. Traditional oral appliances can be effective over limited time frames, but often
create other problems with temporomandibular joint (or TMJ) dysfunction, open bites, infections, and more. As with CPAP, they too must
be worn every night for life to be effective. More radical and invasive options such as neuro-stimulation devices, or maxillomandibular
advancement surgery are likewise viewed more as treatments of last resort. When The Vivos Method is presented as a viable treatment option
against the alternatives discussed above, we believe it will be the preferred choice of most patients. We
believe our proprietary products comprising the Vivos C.A.R.E oral appliances represent the first non-surgical, minimally-invasive treatment
option for patients diagnosed with mild to severe OSA that offers cost-effective treatment featuring (i) limited treatment times; with
(ii) lasting or durable effects; and (iii) the prospect of seeing a complete reversal of symptoms. Combining treatment technologies that
impact the upper airway by altering the size, shape, patency and position of corresponding hard and soft tissues, Vivos C.A.R.E represents
a completely new treatment modality in the treatment of dentofacial abnormalities that often lead to OSA and many other health conditions. 5 Our
Mission Our
mission is to rid the world of sleep apnea by being a leading technology platform and go-to resource for the latest and most effective
treatment modalities, products, and clinical education available to healthcare providers of all specialties who treat patients suffering
from breathing and sleep disorders and their comorbidities. We fully recognize that breathing and sleep disorders, including OSA,
are often complex conditions with multiple contributing factors that require more than a single solution. To that end, we have broadened
our product and services lines that comprise The Vivos Method to go beyond the proprietary technologies featured in our C.A.R.E. oral
appliances and now offer providers far greater optionality in selecting a diagnostic or treatment solution that is best for their patients.
This approach recognizes that there is no “one size fits all” solution for patients, and that both providers and patients
are best served by offering a variety of solutions at various price points that can meet the needs of a larger segment of the population. We
believe this evolution of our mission (which was originally focused almost exclusively on the dental community) will appeal to a much
broader array of healthcare professionals, including chiropractors, nutritionists, primary care physicians, cardiologists, physical therapists,
dentists and others, all of whom have a strong vested interest in the overall health and wellbeing of their patients, and each of whom
has something meaningful to contribute when properly educated and trained. As word spreads among a broader array of professionals and
their patients, we expect more people to come to know and understand the compelling advantages of The Vivos Method. We believe this will
allow us to scale our business and grow our company more rapidly. Our
Market Opportunity According
to a March 2021 Sleep Apnea Devices Market Size & Share Report, the global sleep apnea devices market size was valued at $3.7 billion
in 2020 and is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.2% from 2021 to 2028. According to the March 2025 edition
of the same report, the global sleep apnea devices market size was $9.70 billion in 2024, and the market size is projected to grow from
$10.30 billion in 2025 to $18.30 billion in 2032, a CAGR of 8.6% during the forecast period. According to an American Sleep Association
study published in 2020, an estimated 50 million to 70 million people in the U.S. are suffering from some form of sleep disorders. Moreover,
according to Canadian Respiratory Journal in 2014, around 5.4 million adults in Canada were diagnosed with sleep apnea or were at higher
risk of developing OSA. According to a study conducted by ResMed in 2018, around 175 million people in Europe were suffering from sleep
apnea. We therefore believe that effective diagnostic and treatment strategies are needed to minimize the negative health impacts of
OSA and to maximize cost-effectiveness. Based
on our direct experience with our Vivos-trained providers performing approximately 53,000 VivoScore home sleep tests administered during
2024, we strongly believe the published estimates from available public information, which range from 12% to 20% of the population, seriously
underestimate the extent of the condition and scope of the problem in the United States and Canada. Our VivoScore testing routinely results
in approximately 50% of patients testing positive OSA, a number consistent with a recent study published in the Journal of the American
Heart Association on a sample consisting of approximately 2,000 middle-aged to older adults from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis
(MESA), where 44% had moderate to severe OSA and 75% had mild, moderate or severe OSA, “Sleep Irregularity and Subclinical Markers
of Cardiovascular Disease: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis.”. We therefore believe our prior estimate that approximately
15% of the adult population in the United States and Canada suffers from OSA to be extremely conservative. Based on the estimated total
adult population of 284 million in the United States and Canada, we believe the total addressable United States and Canadian market could
be as high as 80 million adults. To be conservative and based on available data and our internal market analysis, we estimate that over
80% of individuals diagnosed with OSA in the North American addressable market may be candidates for The Vivos Method, leaving us with
a total addressable consumer market of approximately 64 million adults. We
currently charge clinicians an average sales price of approximately $1,500 per adult case for The Vivos Method. There are approximately
200,000 general dentists and dental specialists in the United States and another 30,000 in Canada who could potentially offer the Vivos
Method to their patients. Add to that the nearly 80,000 licensed chiropractors and over 1.1 million medical doctors across all specialties
who routinely see and treat patients, many of which have OSA. Each of them sees and treat patients with OSA for many related conditions
on a regular basis even though the vast majority remain undiagnosed with respect to their OSA. As we pivot to the alliance marketing
and distribution model, we see our average sales price to patients increasing to approximately $4,000. As we raise awareness, and now
that new technologies such as SleepImage have driven the cost of diagnosis down dramatically, more providers will be able to integrate
evaluations of breathing and sleep into their basic clinical treatments, and more patients will get diagnosed and seek treatment. Therefore,
based on the addressable U.S. and Canadian consumer market described above and average sales price, we believe the addressable consumer
market for adults in the United States and Canada is approximately $96 billion. 6 Our
Competitive Strengths We
believe that our new strategic business model has numerous advantages that, taken together, set us apart from the competition and position
us for success in the marketplace: ● New
    Sales, Marketing and Distribution Business Model. Our new business model has the combination of Vivos’ advanced proprietary
    diagnostic and evidence-based treatment technology, delivered by closely aligned medical and dental professionals using our state-of-the-art
    customized practice management and proprietary billing software and working together in a single, compliant management service organization
    (“MSO”) practice model to treat a large and growing volumes of new and existing OSA patients who seek to avoid or get
    away from their CPAP machines. We also have an experienced group of specially trained Treatment Navigators to help educate patients
    on various OSA treatment options. Our management team has extensive experience acquiring and operating professional practices and
    the proven ability to recruit, train, and manage medical and dental professionals. Finally, with our new sales, marketing and distribution
    model, our business model can appeal and adapt to the particular needs and demands of sleep testing clinics as well as patients seeking
    viable non-surgical solutions to their OSA. ● Superior
    Economics of New Sales, Marketing and Distribution Business Model through Strategic Alliances or Acquisitions. Our new strategic
    alliance and acquisition business model allows us to expand and grow our revenues through acquisitions of, or collaborations with,
    medical sleep and similar healthcare practices. The vertically integrated nature of our new business model minimizes costs of products
    as well as the unit costs associated with delivering clinical diagnostic and therapeutic care. Moreover, the co-locating of various
    medical, dental and other healthcare professionals keeps efficiencies high and fixed costs low. At the same time, the model allows
    for the full realization of revenue potential from both diagnostic and therapeutic services. We believe gross revenues per case could
    exceed $5,000 once all products and services are included, with high net margins. ● Significant
    Barriers to Entry . We believe that third parties seeking to compete directly with us have significant barriers to entry for
    the following reasons: competitors must offer a treatment modality with similar features, capabilities, research support, FDA regulatory
    clearances, and successful clinical outcomes in the market; then develop the systems and best practices required to successfully
    integrate diagnosis and treatment into a single-site, high-volume medical / dental practice offering substantially all options for
    OSA diagnosis and treatment; and finally, provide sleep testing and treatment centers with an attractive and mutually beneficial
    model that meets the needs of their business as well as their patients. We believe we have strategically and effectively addressed
    each and every one of the aforementioned barriers to entry and thus have created a novel and compelling single-source value proposition
    for dentists and sleep specialists seeking to deliver a full range of OSA treatment options to their patients. ● Vivos
    Method Insurance Reimbursement . Most major commercial insurance (and also Medicare for our mmRNA appliance, which we received
    clearance during 2021), reimburse for our adult treatment in the United States. The average level of commercial payer reimbursement
    is approximately 50% (with coverage ranging from 5% to 70%), although medical insurance is never a guarantee of payment, and patient
    deductibles and policy restrictions will vary. Medicare reimbursement for our mmRNA appliance will vary by the Centers for Medicare
    and Medicaid Services (CMS) jurisdiction in the U.S. ● Body
    of Published Research and Strong Patient Outcomes . Together with our network of trained dentists, we have developed a body
    of clinical and patient data, and benefits of The Vivos Method for its registered and 510(k) cleared use, spanning over approximately
    ten years from nearly 59,000 patients treated with our proprietary clinical treatments that demonstrates the safety, effectiveness,
    therapy adherence (patient compliance). The documented and reported benefits of treatment with The Vivos Method have been consistent
    across reports from independent dentists and have been highlighted in over 60 published studies, case reports, and articles, many
    of which have been peer reviewed. We believe this favorable data provides us with a significant competitive advantage and will continue
    to support increased adoption of the Vivos Method. ● First
    Mover Advantage . Our business model is the first to focus on sleep centers screening patients for mild to severe OSA with
    the dentists serving as the primary source of treatment using The Vivos Method for such patients. We believe we are also the first
    to bring forth a go-to-market strategy that incorporates collaborating with durable medical equipment companies, medical professionals
    and other non-traditional healthcare providers such as chiropractors and physical therapists to expand access by patients to our
    products and services. 7 ● Novel
    and Differentiated Products . To our knowledge, we believe only The Vivos Method offers a truly differentiated, non-invasive
    treatment option that actually works on a common root cause of OSA. We also believe that older oral appliances are typically less
    expensive, but do not reshape the upper airway like our C.A.R.E. appliances and therefore require nightly use over a lifetime and
    have a number of other disadvantages. ● Intellectual
    Property Portfolio and Research and Development Capabilities . We have a comprehensive patent portfolio to protect our intellectual
    property and technology, three design patents that expire between 2028 and 2029 and two utility patents expiring in 2029 and 2030.
    We own two Canadian patents and one European patent that has been validated in Belgium, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, Spain, France,
    United Kingdom, Hungary, Italy and the Netherlands, all of which expire in 2029. Our U.S. trademark portfolio consists of 14 registered
    marks and one pending published application. Extensive online and in-person training, multiple touch point support systems, specific
    fabrication materials, customized appliance designs, and multi-disciplinary treatment modalities are all considered proprietary trade
    secrets and competitive advantages with no known counterparts. However, management believes that its core intellectual property goes
    far beyond its patent estate and is deeply embedded in the multi-disciplinary clinical diagnostic and therapeutic protocols. We believe
    the myriads of highly nuanced complexities and diversity with which OSA patients present effectively renders the key aspects of our
    technology virtually impossible to replicate or reverse engineering. For example, we know of several unsuccessful attempts to replicate
    our products and offer them to untrained providers at minimal cost. In every instance of which we are aware, the clinical outcomes
    were unsatisfactory or failed completely. The secrets of what we do are woven into how we do it, the order in which we apply certain
    adjunctive therapies, and also the use of uniquely designed customized oral appliances. If any one or more of those elements is missing
    or misapplied, results will be less than acceptable to patients. ● Extensive
    Training and Support Systems . We believe our extensive online and in-person clinical and business systems training program
    offered through The Vivos Institute is unmatched anywhere and is a clear competitive strength that would be difficult to replicate. ● Targeted
    Approach to Market Development . We have established a systematic and scalable approach to actively and consistently engage
    with U.S. sleep centers as well as U.S. and Canadian dentists. Corporate
Information Our
principal executive offices are located at 7921 Southpark Plaza, Suite 210, Littleton, Colorado 80120, and our telephone number is (866)
908-4867, and our internet website address is https://www.vivos.com. The information on our website is not a part of, or incorporated
in, this prospectus. Available
Information We
maintain a website at www.vivos.com . You may access our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act with the SEC free
of charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.
The reference to our website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on our website, and
you should not consider the contents of our website in making an investment decision with respect to our Common Stock. 8 THE
OFFERING Common
    Stock to be offered: 1,982,356
    shares of Common Stock, consisting of (i) 266,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the January 2023 Warrant,
    (ii) 980,393 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the November 2023 Warrant and (iii) 735,296 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of the February 2024 Warrant. Terms
    of the Offering: The
    selling stockholder will determine when and how to sell the Selling Stockholder Shares offered in this prospectus, as described in
    “Plan of Distribution.” Use
    of Proceeds: We
    will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Selling Stockholder Shares in this offering. However, we may receive proceeds from
    the exercise of the Warrants by the selling stockholder to the extent they are exercised for cash. In the event
    we receive proceeds from the cash exercise of the Warrants, we intend to use the aggregate net proceeds from such
    exercise for general corporate purposes, including working capital. See the sections titled “Use of Proceeds”
    and “Selling Stockholder” for additional information. Listing
    and Symbol: Our
    Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VVOS”. Risk
    Factors: Investing
    in our securities is speculative and involves substantial risks . You should read the “Risk Factors” section of
    this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider before
    deciding to purchase our securities. Shares
of our Common Stock that may be offered under this prospectus will be fully paid and non-assessable. Throughout this prospectus, when
we refer to the shares of our Common Stock being registered on behalf of the selling stockholder for offer and resale, we are referring
to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of i) the January 2023 Warrant issued in our January 9, 2023 private placement,
ii) the November 2023 Warrant issued in our November 2, 2023 private placement and iii) the February 2024 issued in our February 20,
2024 warrant inducement transaction. When
we refer to the selling stockholder in this prospectus, we are referring to the selling stockholder identified in this prospectus and,
as applicable, their permitted transferees or other successors-in-interest that may be identified in a supplement to this prospectus
or, if required, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. 9 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Before making a decision to invest in our
securities, in addition to carefully considering the Risk Factors noted below and the other information contained in this prospectus
and incorporated by reference herein, you should carefully consider the risks described under the caption “Risk Factors”
contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as any amendments thereto, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus in
their entirety. See “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” Risks
Related to This Offering We
issued a large number of shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock in connection with financing activities. Substantial
future sales of such shares of our Common Stock could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline or have other adverse effects
on our company. Since
the January 2023 Private Placement, we have issued a large number of shares of Common Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Common
Stock, including the Warrants, in connection with financing activities. Most of those shares have been registered for resale pursuant
to registration statement filed by us with the SEC, including the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants and certain of those
shares of Common Stock may currently be sold by holders, pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act (“Rule 144”).
As of the date of this prospectus, stockholders hold warrants exercisable for Common Stock, pursuant to such financings, including shares
of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants, in an aggregate amount of 11,781,706 shares, having a weighted average
exercise price of $2.44 per share. No placement agent warrants were issued pursuant to these offerings. When these shares of Common Stock
are sold by the holders, either pursuant to an applicable registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144, thereafter will become freely
tradable. Sales of a substantial number of these shares in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our Common Stock or cause such market price to decline significantly. Such sales or the perception that such sales
might occur could also impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict
with any certainty the effect that such sales, or the perception that such sales may occur, may have on the prevailing market price of
our shares of Common Stoick or other adverse impacts that this situation could have on our company. We
may not receive any proceeds from the exercise of Warrants, and if we do we may be unable to invest the portion of the net proceeds from
this offering on acceptable terms. We
will receive up to an aggregate of approximately $8,489,485 from the exercise of the Warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all of
the Warrants for cash. However, we will only receive proceeds to the extent holders of Warrants elect to exercise and the Warrants and
the Warrants are not exercised on a cashless basis, to the extent the right to exercise on a cashless basis exists. We can provide no
assurances as to the amount of proceeds we will receive from the exercise of Warrants or whether we will receive any proceeds. We will
have broad discretion in the use of any net proceeds received from the exercise of Warrants. Delays in investing the net proceeds from
exercise of the Warrants may impair our performance. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify uses of the net proceeds that
meet our investment objectives or that any investment that we make will produce a positive return. We may be unable to invest the net
proceeds from exercise of the Warrants on acceptable terms within the time period that we anticipate or at all, which could harm our
financial condition and operating results. Moreover, we will have significant flexibility in investing the net proceeds from exercise
of the Warrants and may use the net proceeds in ways with which investors may not agree. 10 You
may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings and other issuances of our Common Stock or other securities. In
order to raise additional capital, we will most likely in the future offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for our Common Stock at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. We may not be able to
sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share paid
by the investor in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing
stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock
in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share in this offering. You may also incur dilution upon exercise of
any outstanding stock options, warrants or upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock under our stock incentive programs. We cannot
predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of Common Stock or the availability of those shares for sale will have
on the market price of our Common Stock. The
market price of our Common Stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The
market price of our Common Stock has been, and is likely in the future to be, volatile (which we define the frequency and magnitude of
movements in the market price for our Common Stock). As we believe is typical for smaller public companies, particularly those who operate
in our industry, our Common Stock prices have been volatile around the times we announce significant news to the marketplace or when
we conduct financings. For example, in late November 2023, we announced that our CARE appliances were cleared by the FDA to treat moderate
and severe OSA in adults, 18 years of age and older along with positive airway pressure (PAP) and/or myofunctional therapy, as needed.
This announcement was followed by an over 800% increase in the price of our Common Stock with over 46 million shares of Common Stock
traded on November 29, 2023. On September 18, 2024, we announced the receipt of an additional FDA 510(k) clearance to treat moderate
to severe OSA and snoring in children ages 6-17 using Vivos’ proprietary flagship oral medical device. After the announcement,
the price of Vivos’ Common Stock increased 47% with over 74 million shares traded. Similarly, on July 1, 2025, after we announced
that our VidaSleep™ oral appliance, featuring Vivos’ patented and FDA cleared Unilateral Bite Block technology, has been
approved by CMS’ Pricing, Data Analysis and Coding (PDAC) for the treatment of mild to moderate OSA and snoring in adults, the
price of our Common Stock increased 22% with over 28 million shares traded. There is a significant risk that this level of upward market
volatility will not be sustained, and downward volatility in our public stock price could lead to investment losses by our stockholders.
It is important to note that market volatility is not something over which we have direct control. Moreover,
volatility may prevent you from being able to sell your securities at or above the price you paid for your securities. Our stock price
could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, which include : ● whether
    we achieve our anticipated corporate objectives; ● actual
    or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; ● changes
    in our financial or operational estimates or projections; ● our
    ability to implement our operational plans; ● restrictions
    on the ability of our stockholders to sell shares in the future; ● changes
    in the economic performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; and ● general
    economic or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere. In
addition, the stock market in general, and the stock of publicly-traded medical technology companies in particular, have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies.
Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance,
and downward volatility in our public stock price could lead to investment losses by our stockholders. 11 USE
OF PROCEEDS We
will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Selling Stockholder Shares by the selling stockholder. However, we may
receive proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants by the selling stockholder to the extent they are exercised for
cash. We estimate that the maximum proceeds that we may receive from the exercise of the Warrants, assuming the
Warrants are exercised for cash, will be approximately $8,489,485. We do not know, however, whether the Warrants will be exercised
or, if the Warrants are exercised, when they will be exercised. It is possible that the Warrants will expire and never
be exercised. There are also circumstances under which the Warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. In these circumstances, even
if the Warrants are exercised, we may not receive any proceeds, or the proceeds that we do receive may be significantly less than what
we might expect. We
will retain broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds to us from the exercise of the Warrants. Unless otherwise provided in the
applicable prospectus supplement, we currently expect to use the aggregate net proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants for general
corporate purposes, including working capital. The expected use of net proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants represent our current
intentions based on our present plans and business conditions. We cannot specify with certainty all of the particular uses for the net
proceeds to be received from the exercise of the Warrants. Pending these uses, we plan to invest the net proceeds of any exercise of
the Warrants in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates of deposit or
direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. The actual allocation of proceeds realized from the exercises of the Warrant
will depend upon the amount and timing of such exercises, our operating revenues and cash position at such time and our working capital
requirements. The
selling stockholder will pay any expenses incurred by the selling stockholder for brokerage, accounting, tax or legal services or any
other expenses incurred by the selling stockholder in disposing of their Selling Stockholder Shares. We will bear all other costs, fees
and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of the Selling Stockholder Shares covered by this prospectus, including, without
limitation, all registration fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our accountants. 12 DESCRIPTION
OF OUR SECURITIES The
following summary of the material terms of our securities is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such
securities, and is qualified by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and the Warrant-related documents described
herein, which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We urge you to read each of our Certificate
of Incorporation, the Bylaws and the Warrant-related documents described herein in their entirety for a complete description of the rights
and preferences of our securities. Common
Stock Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock. As of January 12, 2026, there are
9,437,788 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, which are held by approximately 8,150 record holders of record of our
Common Stock. This number of record holders does not include stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street
name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust
by other entities. Each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held of record by such holder.
The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights. The Common Stock does not have cumulative voting rights.
Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Holders
of our Common Stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote, represented
in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of stockholders. Subject to the rights of holders of any class
of stock having preference over our Common Stock, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share in all dividends that our board of
directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each outstanding
share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment of liabilities and after providing for each
class of stock, if any, having preference over the Common Stock. Our Common Stock has no pre-emptive rights, no conversion rights and
there are no redemption provisions applicable to the Common Stock. Preferred
Stock Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.0001 per share (“ Preferred
Stock ”). As of the date of this prospectus, there are no shares of Preferred Stock issued or outstanding Our board of directors
may, by resolution, authorize the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more series. We may reissue shares
of Preferred Stock that are redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired by us unless otherwise provided by law. Our board of directors
is authorized to fix or alter the designations, powers and preferences, and relative, participating, optional or otherwise rights if
any, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including, without limitation, dividend rights (and whether dividends are
cumulative), conversion rights, if any, voting rights (including the number of votes if any, per share, as well as the number of members,
if any, of the board of directors or the percentage of members, if any, of the board of directors each class or series of Preferred Stock
may be entitled to elect), rights and terms of redemption (including, sinking fund provisions, if any), redemption price and liquidation
preferences of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock, and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation
thereof, and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series subsequent to the issuance of shares of such series, but
not below the number of shares of such series then issued. Warrants
Associated with the January 2023 SPA On
January 9, 2023, we closed a private placement with an institutional investor pursuant to which we agreed sell up to an aggregate of
$8,000,000 of our securities in a private placement consisting of 80,000 shares of our Common Stock, a pre-funded warrant to purchase
up to an aggregate of 186,667 (the “ January 2023 PFW ”) shares of our Common Stock and a common stock purchase warrant
to purchase up to an aggregate of 266,667 shares of our Common Stock (the “ January 2023 Warrant ”). The
January 2023 PFW entitled the holder for a period until the entirety of the pre-funded warrant was exercised, to purchase up to 186,667
shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share. The January 2023 Warrant entitles the holder, for a period of five
years and 6 months, to purchase one share of Common Stock at an initial exercise price of $30.00 per share. The January 2023 PFW was
exercisable and the January 2023 continues to be exercisable on a “cashless” basis if the shares of Common Stock underlying
such warrants are not registered for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement. The
January 2023 PFW contained and the January 2023 Warrant contains customary (i) stock-based anti-dilution protection provisions, (ii)
a 4.99% beneficial ownership limitation that may be waived at the option of the holder upon 61 days’ notice to us and (iii) Black
Scholes protection for the value thereof upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the warrants). 13 As
of the date of this prospectus, the January 2023 PFW has been exercised in full. The January 2023 Warrant which remains outstanding was
amended in connection with our November 2023 private placement discussed below to reduce the exercise price of the January 2023 Warrant
to $3.83 per share and extend the expiration date of such warrant to November 2, 2028. The amendment also restates in its entirety the
definition of “Black Scholes Value” contained in the January 2023 Warrant with the intention of eliminating an embedded derivative
liability associated with such warrant. The
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the January 2023 Warrant were registered for resale under the April 2024 Registration
Statement and the April 2024 Registration Statement is being amended by this Post-Effective Amendment to which this prospectus forms
a part. Warrants
Associated with the November 2023 Private Placement On
November 2, 2023, we closed a private placement with an institutional investor pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of approximately
$4,000,000 of our securities in a private placement consisting of (i) 130,000 shares of our Common Stock, (ii) a pre-funded warrant to
purchase 850,393 shares of our Common Stock (the “ November 2023 PFW ”), (iii) a five-year Series A Common Stock Purchase
Warrant to purchase up to 980,393 shares of our Common Stock with an exercise price of $3.83 per share (the “ November 2023 Warrant ”)
and (iii) an 18-month Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase up to 980,393 shares of our Common Stock with an exercise price
of $3.83 per share (the “ Series B Warrant ”). The
November 2023 PFW entitled the holder, for a period until the entirety of the pre-funded warrant is exercised, to purchase up to 850,393
shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share. The November 2023 PFW, the November 2023 Warrant and the Series
A Warrant were all exercisable on a “cashless” basis if the shares of Common Stock underlying such warrants are not registered
for resale pursuant to an effective registration statement. The
November 2023 PFW, the November 2023 Warrant and the Series B Warrant contained customary (i) stock-based anti-dilution protection provisions,
(ii) a 4.99% beneficial ownership limitation that may be waived at the option of the holder upon 61 days’ notice to us and (iii)
Black Scholes protection for the value thereof upon the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the warrants). As
of the date of this prospectus, the November 2023 PFW has been exercised in full and the Series B Warrant was exercise, if full, in connection
with the February 2024 Inducement Transaction described below. The
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the November 2023 Warrant were registered for resale under the December 2023 Registration
Statement and the December 2023 Registration Statement is being amended by this Post-Effective Amendment to which this prospectus forms
a part. Warrants
Associated with the February 2024 Private Placement On
February 14, 2024, we entered into a warrant inducement letter agreement (the “ February 2024 Inducement Agreement ”)
with an institutional investor pursuant to which the investor agreed to exercise for cash the entirety of the Series B Warrant at an
exercise price of $4.02 per share (with such exercise price being established for purposes of compliance with the listing rules of the
Nasdaq Stock Market), resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of approximately $4.0 million. The February 2024 Inducement Transaction
closed on February 20, 2024. Pursuant
to the February 2024 Inducement Agreement, in consideration for the immediate exercise of the Series B Warrant in full, the Company agreed
to issue to the investor, in a new private placement transaction (the “ February 2024 Inducement Transaction” ): (i)
a 5-year, Series B-1 Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 735,296 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.05 per share
(the “ February 2024 Warrant” ), and (ii) an 18-month, Series B-2 Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase 735,296
shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.05 per share (the “ B-2 Warrant ”, and collectively, the “ February
2024 Inducement Warrants ” and such aggregate 1,470,592 shares of Common Stock underlying the Inducement Warrants, the “ February
2024 Inducement Warrant Shares ”). The February 2024 Inducement Warrants are identical to each other, other than their dates
of expiration, and are substantially identical to the Series B Warrant. 14 The
February 2024 Inducement Warrants contain (i) customary stock-based anti-dilution protection, (ii) a cashless exercise provision in the
event the February 2024 Inducement Warrant Shares are not registered for resale at the time of exercise, (iii) beneficial ownership limitations
that may be waived at the option of such holder upon 61 days’ notice to the Company, (iv) a put right granting the investor the
right to require the Company or its successor to redeem the February 2024 Inducement Warrants in cash for their Black-Scholes value in
the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as defined in the February 2024 Inducement Warrants) and (v) other customary provisions for warrants
of this type. As
of the date of this prospectus, the B-2 Warrant has been exercised in full. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
February 2024 Inducement Warrants were registered under the April 2024 Registration Statement and the April 2024 Registration Statement
is being amended by this Post-Effective Amendment to which this prospectus forms a part to continue the registration of the shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the February 2024 Warrant. Warrants
Associated with the June 2024 Private Placement On
June 10, 2024, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “ June 2024 SPA ”) with V-CO Investors LLC, a Wyoming
limited liability company (“ V-CO ”). V-CO is an affiliate of Seneca, a leading independent private equity firm. Pursuant
to the June 2024 SPA, we sold to V-CO in a private placement offering: (i) 169,498 shares of our Common Stock, (ii) a pre-funded warrant
(which we refer to herein as the June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant) to purchase 3,050,768 shares of Common Stock (which we refer to herein
as the June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant Shares), and (iii) a Common Stock Purchase Warrant (which we refer to as the June 2024 Warrant) to
purchase up to 3,220,266 shares of Common Stock (which we refer to herein as the June 2024 Warrant Shares). V-CO paid a purchase price
of $2.329 for each share and June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant Share and associated June 2024 Warrant, with such price being established for
purposes of compliance with the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The private placement closed on June 10, 2024. We received
gross proceeds of $7,500,000 from the private placement. No placement agent was used in connection with the private placement. The
June 2024 Warrant has a five-year term, an exercise price of $2.204 per share and became exercisable immediately as of the date of issuance.
The June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant has a term ending on the complete exercise of the June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant, an exercise price of
$0.0001 per share and became exercisable immediately as of the date of issuance. The June 2024 Warrant and the June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrants
also contain customary stock-based (but not price-based) anti-dilution protection as well as beneficial ownership limitations that may
be waived at the option of the holder upon 61 days’ notice to us. As
of the date of this prospectus, the June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant is still outstanding with respect to 2,705,768 June 2024 Pre-Funded
Warrant Shares which may be exercised thereunder. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the June 2024 Pre-Funded Warrant
and the June 2024 Warrant were registered for resale in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-281090) and such registration
statement was declared effective by the SEC on August 7, 2024. Warrants
Associated with the December 2024 Private Placement On
December 22, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “ December 2024 SPA ”) with certain
institutional investors (who are the selling stockholders named herein) in connection with a registered direct offering, priced at-the-market
under Nasdaq Stock Market rules, to purchase 709,220 shares of Common Stock and, in a concurrent private placement (collectively, with
the registered direct offering, the “December 2024 Offering”), warrants (the “ December 2024 Warrants ”)
to purchase up to 709,220 shares of Common Stock (the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the December 2024 Warrants, the
“ December 2024 Warrant Shares ”). The combined purchase price per share and each of the December 2024 Warrants is $4.935.
The December 2024 Warrants were immediately exercisable upon issuance, and expire two years following the issuance date and have an exercise
price of $4.81 per share. As of the date of this prospectus, 529,220 shares of Common Stock remain exercisable thereunder. 15 Warrants
Associated with the June 2025 Private Placement On
June 9, 2025, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “ June 2025 SPA ”) with V-Co 2. V-Co 2 is an affiliate
of Seneca. Pursuant to the June 2025 PIPE SPA, the Company sold to V-Co 2 in a private placement offering (the “ June 2025 Offering ”):
(i) 828,000 shares (the “ June 2025 Shares ”) of Common Stock, (ii) a pre-funded warrant to purchase 725,258 shares
of Common Stock (the “ June 2025 Pre-Funded Warrant ”, with the shares of Common Stock underlying the Pre-Funded Warrant
being referred to as the “ June 2025 PFW Shares ”), and (iii) a Common Stock Purchase Warrant to purchase up to 2,329,886
shares of Common Stock (the “ June 2025 Common Stock Purchase Warrant , and together with the Pre-Funded Warrant, the “ June
2025 Warrants ”, and with the shares of Common Stock underlying the Common Stock Purchase Warrant being referred to as the “ June
2025 Warrant Shares ”). The
June 2025 Common Stock Purchase Warrant has a term ending on or before June 9, 2029, an exercise price of $2.23 per share and became
exercisable immediately as of the date of issuance. The June 2025 Pre-Funded Warrant has a term ending on the complete exercise of the
June 2025 Pre-Funded Warrant, an exercise price of $0.0001 per share and became exercisable immediately as of the date of issuance. The
June 2025 Warrants also contain customary stock-based (but not price-based) anti-dilution protection as well as beneficial ownership
limitations preventing Seneca or its affiliates from exercising the June 2025 Warrants if such exercise would result in Seneca or its
affiliates from owning in excess of 19.99% of the then outstanding Common Stock. Representative’s
Warrant Issued in Connection with Follow-On Public Offering In
connection with our follow-on public offering, we issued warrants to the underwriter and its designees that provide for the purchase
of 11,040 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $187.50 per share. The warrants are exercisable beginning on November 2, 2021,
and expire on May 6, 2026. Placement
Agent Warrants Issued in Connection with the September 2024 Offering In
connection with our registered direct offering that closed on September 18, 2024 (the “ September 2024 Offering ”),
we issued to H.C. Wainwright & Co., LLC (“ HCW ”), who acted as the placement agent for the September 2024 Offering,
or its designees warrants (the “ September 2024 PA Warrants ”) to purchase up to 95,467 shares of Common Stock (or 7%
of the number of shares sold in the September 2024 Offering) at an exercise price of $3.9375 per share of Common Stock, exercisable beginning
upon issuance until five years following the issuance date. Placement
Agent Warrants Issued in Connection with the December 2024 Offering In
connection with our December 2024 SPA as described above, we issued to HCW, who acted as the placement agent for the December 2024 SPA,
or its designees warrants (the “ December 2024 PA Warrants ”) to purchase up to 95,467 shares of Common Stock (or 7%
of the number of shares sold in the December 2024 SPA) at an exercise price of $6.1688 per share of Common Stock, exercisable beginning
upon issuance until two years following the issuance date. We are registering the Common Stock underlying the December 2024 PA Warrants
for public resale pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Warrants
Associated with Contractors and Consultants There
are presently outstanding warrants to purchase an aggregate of 132,800 shares of our Common Stock which are being held by contractors
and consultants. These warrants have a weighted average exercise price of $20.04 per share and expire between February 5, 2027 and June
20, 2029. 52,800 of these warrants are subject to vesting as of December 31, 2025. These warrants may be exercised only for cash, and
the exercise price is subject to customary, stock-based anti-dilution protection. 16 Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Our Bylaws Provisions
of our bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, open market purchases, removal
of incumbent directors and otherwise. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage types of coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe
that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal
to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because negotiation of these
proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. Vacancies. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the board of directors resulting
from death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause shall be filled by a majority of the remaining directors on the board. Bylaws. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws authorizes the board of directors to adopt, repeal, rescind, alter or amend our bylaws
without shareholder approval. Removal . Except as otherwise provided, a director may be removed from office only by the
affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote. Calling
of Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be
called at any time only by the board of directors or by our Secretary following receipt of one or more written demands from stockholders
of record who own, in the aggregate, at least 15% the voting power of our outstanding stock then entitled to vote on the matter or matters
to be brought before the proposed special meeting. Effects
of authorized but unissued Common Stock and blank check preferred stock. One of the effects of the existence of authorized but unissued
Common Stock and undesignated preferred stock may be to enable our board of directors to make more difficult or to discourage an attempt
to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby to protect the continuity
of management. If, in the due exercise of its fiduciary obligations, the board of directors were to determine that a takeover proposal
was not in our best interest, such shares could be issued by the board of directors without stockholder approval in one or more transactions
that might prevent or render more difficult or costly the completion of the takeover transaction by diluting the voting or other rights
of the proposed acquirer or insurgent stockholder group, by putting a substantial voting block in institutional or other hands that might
undertake to support the position of the incumbent board of directors, by effecting an acquisition that might complicate or preclude
the takeover, or otherwise. In
addition, our certificate of incorporation grants our board of directors broad power to establish the rights and preferences of authorized
and unissued shares of preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available
for distribution to holders of shares of Common Stock. The issuance also may adversely affect the rights and powers, including voting
rights, of those holders and may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company. Cumulative
Voting. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would allow holders
of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors. 17 Choice
of Forum Our
bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
(or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will be the exclusive
forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any director, officer, employee, or agent of ours or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant
to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or the bylaws; and (iv) any action asserting
a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution
of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our bylaws further provide that any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these forum selection
clauses. Section
27 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to herein as the Exchange Act) creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
our bylaws provide that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. We
note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction
for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. Indemnification
of Directors and Officers Our
Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, any officer
or director of our company, who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action,
suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he/she is or was or has agreed
to serve at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of our company, or while serving as a director or officer of our company,
is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of our company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which includes service
as a trustee, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan
or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity. For the avoidance of doubt, the
foregoing indemnification obligation includes, without limitation, claims for monetary damages against Indemnitee to the fullest extent
permitted under Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law as in existence on the date hereof. The
indemnification provided shall be from and against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by a director
or officer in defending such action, suit or proceeding in advance of its final disposition, upon receipt of an undertaking by or on
behalf of such person to repay all amounts advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there
is no further right to appeal that such person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws or otherwise. To
the extent that indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
our company pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. If a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of our company in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by any of our directors, officers or controlling persons in connection with the
securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit
to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of that issue. Transfer
Agent The
transfer agent and registrar, for our Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar’s address is 18 Lafayette
Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. The transfer agent’s telephone (212) 828-8436. 18 SELLING
STOCKHOLDER The
selling stockholder may from time to time offer and sell any or all of the Warrants and shares of Common Stock underlying such Warrants
as set forth below pursuant to this prospectus. As used herein, the term “selling stockholder” means the selling stockholder
listed below and the selling stockholder’s donees, pledgees, transferees, or other successors-in-interest selling shares of Common
Stock or warrant shares received after the date of this prospectus from the selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution
or other transfer. The
table below lists the selling stockholder and other information regarding the beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock
by the selling stockholder. The table below sets forth information as of the date of this prospectus, to our knowledge, about the
beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by the selling stockholder both before and immediately after this offering. Because the selling
stockholder may sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of all, some, or none of its shares of Common Stock, we cannot determine the
number of such shares that will be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the selling stockholder, or the amount
or percentage of shares of our Common Stock that will be held by the selling stockholder upon termination of any particular offering.
See “Plan of Distribution.” For
purposes of the table below: (i) we have not
taken into account the effect of “blocker” provisions in the Warrant which preclude the selling stockholder
from owning in excess of 4.99% of our Common Stock at any given time and (ii) we assume that the selling stockholder
will sell all of their shares of Common Stock registered hereunder. Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Before Completion of the Offering (1) Sum of Number of Shares of Common Stock Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned After Completion of the Offering (3) Name Sum of Number Percentage Offered Hereby (2) Sum of Number Percentage Armistice Capital, LLC (4) 1,982,356 21.00 % 1,982,356 — — % (1) Applicable
    percentages based on 9,437,788 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of January 12, 2026. Beneficial Ownership of the
    selling stockholder prior to this offering includes the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, each of which are exercisable
    within 60 days of the date of this prospectus. (2) Consists
    of shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants. (3) Assumes
    full exercise of the Warrants by the selling stockholder and the resale or other disposition of all shares of Common Stock underlying
    the Warrants by the selling stockholder. (4) The
    securities are directly held by Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the “ Master Fund ”),
    and may be deemed to be beneficially owned by: (i) Armistice Capital, LLC (“ Armistice Capital ”), as the investment
    manager of the Master Fund; and (ii) Steven Boyd, as the Managing Member of Armistice Capital. The warrants are subject to a beneficial
    ownership limitation of 4.99%, which such limitation restricts the Selling Stockholder from exercising that portion of the warrants
    that would result in the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates owning, after exercise, a number of shares of Common Stock
    in excess of the beneficial ownership limitation. The address of Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. is c/o Armistice Capital, LLC,
    510 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 19 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
are registering the Selling Stockholder Shares on behalf of the selling
stockholder to permit the resale of such shares by the selling stockholder from time to time after the date of this prospectus. The
Selling Stockholder Shares were purchased or are acquirable by the selling stockholder through our January 9, 2023 private placement,
November 2, 2023 private placement and our February 20, 2024 warrant inducement transaction. We will not receive any of the
proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholder of the shares of Common Stock. We will bear all fees and expenses incident to our obligation
to register the shares of Common Stock. The
selling stockholder, which may include donees, pledgees,
transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of Common Stock or interests in shares of Common Stock received
after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer, may sell
all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by them and offered hereby from time to time on any stock
exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. The
selling stockholder may use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein: ● ordinary
    brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● block
    trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block
    as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● purchases
    by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its own account; ● an
    exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● privately
    negotiated transactions; ● through
    the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● through
    agreements between broker-dealers and the selling stockholder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per
    share; ● a
    combination of any such methods of sale; and ● any
    other method permitted by applicable law. The
selling stockholder may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of Common Stock owned by
them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares
of Common Stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b) or other applicable
provision of the Securities Act amending the list of selling stockholder to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest
as selling stockholder under this prospectus. The selling stockholder also may transfer the shares of Common Stock in other circumstances,
in which case the pledgees, transferees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. The
selling stockholder also may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities
Act, as permitted by that rule, or Section 4(a)(1) under the Securities Act, if available, rather than under this prospectus; provided
that they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of those provisions. In
connection with the sale of our Common Stock or interests therein, the selling stockholder may enter into hedging transactions
with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the Common Stock in the course
of hedging the positions they assume. The selling stockholder may also sell shares of our Common Stock short and deliver
these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge the Common Stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell
these securities. The selling stockholder may also enter into options or other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to each such broker-dealer
or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other financial
institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). 20 The
aggregate proceeds to the selling stockholder from the sale of the Common Stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the Common Stock less discounts or commissions, if any. The selling stockholder reserve the right to accept and, together with its agents from time
to time, to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of Common Stock to be made directly or through agents. We will not receive
any of the proceeds from this offering. The
selling stockholder and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the Common Stock or interests therein
may be “underwriters” within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions
or profit they earn on any resale of the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. If the selling
stockholder is an “underwriter” within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act, it will be subject to the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act. To
the extent required, the shares of our Common Stock to be sold, the name of the selling stockholder, the respective purchase prices and
public offering prices, the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, and any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a
particular offer will be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration
statement that includes this prospectus. If
underwriters are used in the sale, the shares of Common Stock will be acquired by the underwriters for their own account and may be resold
from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices
determined at the time of sale. In connection with any such underwritten sale of shares of Common Stock, underwriters may receive compensation
from the selling stockholder, for whom they may act as agents, in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions. If the selling stockholder
uses an underwriter or underwriters to effectuate the sale of shares of Common Stock, we and/or it will execute an underwriting agreement
with those underwriters at the time of sale of those shares of Common Stock. To
the extent required by law, the names of the underwriters will be set forth in a prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement that includes the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus used by the underwriters
to sell those securities. The obligations of the underwriters to purchase those shares of Common Stock will be subject to certain conditions
precedent, and unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the shares of
Common Stock offered by such prospectus supplement if any of such shares of Common Stock are purchased. Any public offering price and
any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time. The
selling stockholder may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions involving the sale of the shares against certain
liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Listing Our
Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “VVOS.” 21 LEGAL
MATTERS The
validity of the issuance of the securities offered hereby has been passed upon for us by Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New
York, New York. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Vivos Therapeutics, Inc. incorporated in this prospectus by reference from our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, have been audited by Baker Tilly US, LLP (formerly Moss
Adams LLP), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report (which report expresses an unqualified opinion
and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to a going concern uncertainty). Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated
by reference in reliance upon the report of such firm given their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. The
financial statements of R.D. Prabhu, Lata K. Shete, M.D.s, LTD d/b/a/The Sleep Center of Nevada incorporated in this prospectus by
reference from our Current Report on Form 8-K/A dated June 9, 2025, have been audited by Baker Tilly
US, LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report. Such financial statements are
incorporated by reference in reliance upon the report of such firm given their authority as experts in accounting and
auditing. WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3, of which this prospectus is a part, under the Securities Act, to
register the shares of Common Stock offered by this prospectus. However, this prospectus does not contain all of
the information contained in the Registration Statement. We have omitted from this prospectus some parts of the Registration Statement
as permitted by the rules and regulations of the SEC. Statements in this prospectus concerning any document we have
filed as an exhibit to the Registration Statement or that we otherwise filed with the SEC are not intended to be comprehensive
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to these filings. In addition, we file annual, quarterly and
other reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the
Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file
with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge through
the Internet. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K,
including any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, can also be accessed free of charge from our website at http://www.vivos.com. These filings will be available
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information contained
on our website is not part of this prospectus. INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The
SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference
is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede
that information. Any statement contained in a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or
superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus modifies or replaces that statement. This
prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC: ● Our
    Annual Report on Form
    10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025. ● our
    Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March
    31, 2025 , filed with the SEC on May 15, 2025; the quarter ended June
    30, 2025 , filed with the SEC on August 19, 2025; and the quarter ended September 30, 2025 , filed with the SEC on November 19,
    2025. ● our
    Current Reports on Form 8-K, which were filed with the SEC on February
    14, 2025 , April
    17, 2025 , May
    23, 2025 , June
    6, 2025 , June
    13, 2025 , as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed on August
    25, 2025 , September
    18, 2025 , November
    4, 2025 , November
    19, 2025 , December
    5, 2025 and December
    17, 2025. ● our
    definitive proxy statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders filed with the SEC on September
    29, 2025 ; ● the
    description of our Common Stock set forth in our registration statement on Form
    8-A , filed with the SEC on December 10, 2020, including any amendments thereto or reports filed for the purposes of updating
    this description. Any
documents we file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of the initial registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part
and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement, as well as subsequent to the effectiveness of the registration statement
and prior to the termination of the offering of our securities to which this prospectus relates, will automatically
be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and to be part hereof from the date of filing those documents.
We are not, however, incorporating by reference any documents or portions thereof that are not deemed “filed”
with the SEC, including any information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K or related exhibits furnished
pursuant to Item 9.01 of Form 8-K. Any statements in any such future filings will automatically be deemed to modify and supersede
any information in any document we previously filed with the SEC that is incorporated or deemed to be incorporated herein by reference
to the extent that statements in the later filed document modify or replace such earlier statements. We
will provide to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a prospectus is delivered, without charge upon written or oral request,
a copy of any or all of the documents that are
incorporated by reference into this prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus, including exhibits which are specifically
incorporated by reference into such documents. Requests should be directed to: Vivos
Therapeutics, Inc. Attn:
Chief Financial Officer 7921
Southpark Plaza, Suite 210 Littleton,
Colorado 80120 (866)
908-4867 22 1,982,356
Shares of Common Stock Issuable Upon Exercise of Common Stock Purchase Warrants Offered
by the Selling Stockholder PROSPECTUS January 7 , 2026