424B5 1 e664696_424b5-sealsq.htm Filed
Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) Registration Number 333-286098 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT (To Prospectus dated April 2, 2025) 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares Class A Warrants to purchase up
to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Class A Warrants Class B Warrants to purchase up
to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Class B Warrants of SEALSQ Corp We
are offering in a registered direct offering to certain investors (the “Investors”) (i) 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares, par value
US$0.01 per share (our “Ordinary Shares”), (ii) Class A warrants to purchase up to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares on or prior
to the date that is seven years after the date such warrants are issued (the “Class A Warrants”), (iii) 15,000,000 Ordinary
Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Class A Warrants, (iv) Class B warrants to purchase up to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares on or prior
to the date that is seven years after the date such warrants are issued (the “Class B Warrants”, and together with the “Class
A Warrants”, the “Warrants” ), and (v) 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Class B Warrants.
Each Ordinary Share we sell will be accompanied by one Class A Warrant and one Class B Warrant at a combined offering price of $4.00.
Each Warrant is exercisable for one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $4.60 per Ordinary Share. Our Ordinary Shares, the Warrants,
and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the “securities.”
The Ordinary Shares and Warrants offered to the Investors will be issued pursuant to this prospectus supplement, the accompanying base
prospectus, and a securities purchase agreement, dated July 14, 2025, by and among us and the Investors (the “Securities Purchase
Agreement”). See “Description of Ordinary Shares” on page 9 of the accompanying
prospectus and “Description of Warrants” on page S-17 of this prospectus supplement and page 16 of the accompanying prospectus for a more complete description of the securities offered hereby. We
engaged Maxim Group LLC to act as our sole placement agent (the “Placement Agent”) in connection with this offering. The
Placement Agent is not purchasing or selling any of the securities offered by us in this offering and is not required to arrange the
purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of securities. Our
Ordinary Shares are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “LAES.” The last reported sale price of our Ordinary
Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market on July 14, 2025 was $3.38 per share. We do not intend to list the Warrants on any exchange. We
are an emerging growth company as that term is used in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 and, as such, are subject to certain
reduced public company reporting requirements. Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page S-11 of this prospectus supplement, on page 4 of the accompanying base prospectus and in the
documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus concerning factors you should consider
before investing in our securities. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus supplement or accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Per Ordinary Share and accompanying Class A Warrant and Class B Warrant Total Public offering price $ 4.00 $ 60,000,000 Placement agent fees(1) $ 0.28 $ 4,200,000 Proceeds to us, before expenses(2) $ 3.72 $ 55,800,000 (1) We have also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for certain of their offering-related
expenses. See “ Plan of Distribution ” for additional information regarding Placement Agent fees and estimated expenses. (2) The above proceeds do not give effect
to any proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants being issued in this offering. The
delivery to purchasers of the securities offered and sold in this offering is expected to be made on or about July 15, 2025, subject
to satisfaction of certain customary closing conditions. MAXIM GROUP LLC Prospectus Supplement dated July
14, 2025 TABLE OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT S-ii CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS S-1 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY S-6 THE OFFERING S-10 RISK FACTORS S-11 USE OF PROCEEDS S-14 CAPITALIZATION S-15 DESCRIPTION OF ORDINARY SHARES S-16 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS S-17 CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS S-18 DILUTION S-19 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION S-21 EXPENSES S-25 LEGAL MATTERS S-26 EXPERTS S-26 ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES S-26 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION S-26 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE S-27 PROSPECTUS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS 1 ABOUT OUR COMPANY 2 RISK FACTORS 4 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 4 CAPITALIZATION 7 USE OF PROCEEDS 8 DESCRIPTION OF ORDINARY SHARES 9 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS 16 DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS 18 DESCRIPTION OF UNITS 19 TAXATION 20 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 21 LEGAL MATTERS 23 EXPERTS 23 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE 23 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 24 ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 24 EXPENSES 24 S-i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This
prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus are part of a registration statement on Form F-3 (Registration No. 333-286098)
that we filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) using a “shelf” registration
process. Under this “shelf” registration process, we may, from time to time, sell or issue any of the combination of securities
described in the accompanying base prospectus in one or more offerings with a maximum aggregate offering price of up to US$500,000,000.
The accompanying base prospectus provides you with a general description of us and the securities we may offer, some of which do not
apply to this offering. Each time we sell securities, we provide a prospectus supplement that contains specific information about the
terms of that offering. A prospectus supplement may also add, update, or change information contained in the accompanying base prospectus. This
prospectus supplement relates to the offering of our securities. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained
in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, you should rely on the information in this prospectus supplement.
This prospectus supplement, the accompanying base prospectus, and the documents we incorporate by reference herein and therein include
important information about us and our securities and other information you should know before investing. You should read both this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, together with the additional information described below under the heading “ Where
You Can Find More Information .” This prospectus supplement contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the
documents described in this prospectus supplement, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the
summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to in this prospectus supplement
have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus
supplement is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents as described under “ Where You Can Find More Information.” You
should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying base prospectus,
and any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. Neither we, nor the Placement Agent,
have authorized anyone to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information,
you should not rely on it. We are not making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted
or in which the person making that offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer
or solicitation. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying base prospectus, and
the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein is accurate only as of the date of those respective documents. Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. You should carefully read this entire prospectus
supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, including the information included and referred to under “ Risk Factors ”
below, the information incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and in the accompanying base prospectus, and the financial
statements and the other information incorporated by reference in the accompanying base prospectus, before making an investment decision. We
prepare our financial statements in United States dollars and in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. All
references in this prospectus to “$,” “US$,” “U.S. Dollars” and “dollars” are to United
States dollars. Unless
otherwise indicated, references to “SEALSQ,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” “us”
or similar terms refer to the registrant, SEALSQ Corp, and its subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires. This
prospectus supplement, the base prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein and therein include trademarks, service
marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience, trademarks referred to in this prospectus supplement and
the base prospectus, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or ™ symbols. We do not intend
our use or display of other companies’ trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of
us by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included or incorporated by reference into this prospectus
supplement and the base prospectus are the property of their respective owners. S-ii CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS This
prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein and therein contain forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of our operations or our performance.
Words such as “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “anticipates,” “estimates,”
“projects,” “forecasts” and variations of such words and similar expressions, as they relate to us, WISeKey International
Holding S.A., our parent company (“WISeKey”), our management or third parties, are intended to identify the forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our business strategy, financial performance, results of operations,
market data, events or developments that SEALSQ expects or anticipates will occur in the future, as well as any other statements which
are not historical facts. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance
can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements are based on information available as of the date
of this prospectus supplement, involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently
subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results may differ materially from
those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward- looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
we make regarding: These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to: • Our anticipated goals, growth strategies and profitability; • Future operating or financal results; • Our planned capital expenditure program for additional production lines to be added to our
supply chain; • The development of our post-quantum cryptography products and our expectation to generate
revenue from such products; • The potential for post-quantum cryptography products and estimated market size and market
growth including with respect to our long-term business strategy for post-quantum cryptography; • Our intention to make investments in sales and marketing operations including research and
development (“R&D”) of new products such as post- quantum cryptography; • Our plans for global customer base expansion; • The establishment of a Design Center, Outsource Semiconductors Assembly and Testing (“OSAT”)
and Personalization project and the projected additional revenue that it will generate; • Our anticipated pipe growth in 2025; • Our belief that the products resulting from our R&D will create additional opportunities
for growth; • Our expectation about the development of the markets for SEALSQ, including post-quantum cryptography
products, customized security offerings through Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (“ASICs”), expanding the role of
Metaverse, increase in cyber threats and growth of secure hardware market, growing demand for Internet of Things (“IoT”)
solutions, and increase in cybersecurity spending based on recent regulations and legislation; S- 1 • Our intent to invest heavily in the ongoing development of our products and technology, including
anticipated fab capacity expansion and utilization and expected ramp and production timelines for the Company’s post-quantum semiconductors; • Our expectation that we will continue to gain several benefits from our parent company, WISeKey,
including the financial reporting and legal support via certain service agreements; • Our forecasted decrease in the sales of our traditional semiconductor chips, as our customers
transition towards post- quantum semiconductor technologies; • Our investment in quantum-as-a-service and quantum computing in the cloud; • Changes in global trade policies, including the adoption and expansion of tariffs and trade
barriers, that could affect the macro-economic environment and adversely impact the demand for our products; • The availability and costs of equipment, raw materials, utilities, third-party manufacturing
services and technology, or other supplies required by our operations; • the anticipated closing of the acquisition of IC’ALPS and the projected benefits to
the Company of such acquisition; and • Assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. S- 2 The
preceding list is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all of our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are
based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of future performance, taking into account the information currently available to
us and are only predictions based upon our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that
could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Those factors include, in addition to those set
forth in Item 3.D. “ Risk Factors ” in this prospectus of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 20-F and those included
elsewhere in this report, among others, the following: • The adoption by developers and customers of quantum computing; • Our ability to sell post-quantum cryptography products to customers; • The inability to realize estimated financial position, results of operations or cash flows; • Our ability to anticipate market needs and opportunities; • Our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customer base; • Our ability to foster innovation, to develop new products and enhancements to our existing products; • The demand for our products or for the goods into which our products are incorporated; • Our expectation that order commitments and non-cancellable orders we received are properly executed; S- 3 • The sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs; • The impact of any supply chain disruption that we may experience; • Our dependency on the timely supply of equipment and materials from our third-party suppliers; • Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; • Our ability to keep pace with technical advances in cryptography and semiconductor design; • Our ability to raise funds for investment by cash flow from operating activities, advance payments from a key customer, and grants and other available subsidies from funding agencies; • Our ability to reduce our cost structure and general and administrative costs; • Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; • Our ability to attract new customers and retain and expand within our existing customer base; • Our ability to foster innovation, to develop new products and enhancements to our existing products; • The future growth of the information technology and cybersecurity industry; • Risks relating to SEALSQ’s ability to implement its growth strategies; • Our ability to successfully form new strategic partnerships with our alliance partners; • Our ability to continue beneficial transactions with material parties, including WISeKey and a limited number of significant customers; • Our ability to prevent security breaches and unauthorized access to confidential customer information; S- 4 • Our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations relating to our industries; • The activities of our competitors and the introduction of competing products by our competitors; • Market demand and semiconductor industry conditions; • Our ability to successfully introduce new technologies and products; • Uncertain negative effects from the imposition by the United States of tariffs, sanction or other restrictions; • The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry; • An economic downturn in the semiconductor industry; • Our ability to comply with U.S. and other applicable international laws and regulations; • Changes in our overall tax position as a result of changes in tax laws or tax rates, new or revised legislation, the outcome of tax audits or changes in international tax treaties which may impact our results of operations as well as our ability to accurately estimate tax credits, benefits, deductions and provisions and to realize deferred tax assets; • Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the other major currencies we use for our operations; • Our ability to collect accounts receivable; • The approval of the IC’ALPS acquisition by the French Ministry of the Economy; • Changes in certain commodities used as raw material, which may affect our gross margin; and • How long we will qualify as an emerging growth company or a foreign private issuer. Given
these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. WE
UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO PUBLICLY UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT OR THE BASE
PROSPECTUS OR THE DOCUMENTS TO WHICH WE REFER YOU TO IN THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT OR THE BASE PROSPECTUS, TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN OUR
EXPECTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH STATEMENTS OR ANY CHANGE IN EVENTS, CONDITIONS OR CIRCUMSTANCES ON WHICH ANY STATEMENT IS BASED, EXCEPT
AS REQUIRED BY LAW. S- 5 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT SUMMARY This
summary contains basic information about us and our business but does not contain all of the information that is important to your investment
decision. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully read this summary together with the more detailed information contained
elsewhere in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus and the documents incorporated herein and therein by reference,
including our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 (the “Annual Report”). Investors should
carefully consider the information set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” appearing elsewhere in this prospectus supplement,
including those described in documents incorporated by reference herein. About Our Company This
summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement that we consider important. This summary does
not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our securities. You should read this summary together with
the entire prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus, including the risks related to our business, our industry and investing
in our securities that we describe under “ Risk Factors ,” and our consolidated financial statements and the related
notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement before making an investment in our securities. SEALSQ
is a leading innovator in Post-Quantum Technology hardware and software solutions. Our technology seamlessly integrates
Semiconductors, Public Key Infrastructure (“PKI”), and Provisioning Services, with a strategic emphasis on developing
state- of-the-art Quantum Resistant Cryptography and Semiconductors designed to address the urgent security challenges posed by
quantum computing. Our products are engineered to safeguard critical systems, enhancing resilience and security across diverse
industries. SEALSQ
was established as a subsidiary of WISeKey International Holding AG, combining decades of expertise in cryptographic security and trusted
digital infrastructure. Headquartered in Switzerland, we operate across Europe, the United States, and other strategic markets. Our solutions
provide the foundation of digital trust for businesses and governments worldwide. SEALSQ’s
comprehensive portfolio, which includes secure microcontrollers, PKI services, compliance with IoT standards like Matter, GSMA eUICC
root certificates, tailored ASICs, and post-quantum cryptography capabilities, uniquely positions the Company to address evolving market
needs. These capabilities, combined with SEALSQ’s entry into the Trust Platform Module (“TPM”) market, ensure strong
growth potential and market leadership in the cybersecurity and IoT sectors. S- 6 SEALSQ
delivers integrated digital security solutions that combine four critical components into a unified offering: Root-
of-Trust , Secure Chips , trusted Identity Generation and Management (PKI) , and Personalization Services .
Together, these components ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of connected devices and digital
communications. Our offerings are structured around four foundational technology
pillars: 1. Our Swiss-based Post Quantum Root of Trust: Offering neutrality, reliability, and is certified by leading
industry standards such as WebTrust (browsers), Matter (Smart Home), and Wi-SUN (Smart Grid). 2. Public Key Infrastructure Services: Leveraging this root-of-trust we offer a SaaS solution
to issue and manage cryptographic credentials that authenticate users, devices, and systems. Our platform uses Quantum Resistant Cryptographic
Algorithms recommended by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). 3. Personalization Services: Industrial-scale systems for embedding digital identities
into secure microcontrollers, enabling seamless integration and secure operation at scale. 4. Quantum Resistant certified secure microcontrollers: Designed to protect and store digital identities, ensuring
robust authentication for connected devices and systems. S- 7 SEALSQ’s
comprehensive product range meets the growing demand for secure, certified solutions across industries: • Post-Quantum Chips: SEALSQ is developing two secure microcontrollers with quantum-resistant cryptographic
capabilities, scheduled for market release in Q4 2025. • VaultIC Secure Microcontrollers: Pre-certified cryptographic chips for IoT devices, enabling secure
authentication and protection against cyber threats. Recent innovations include VaultIC292 for Matter & devices, and VaultIC408 for
smart meters and industrial IoT. • Public Key Infrastructure: INeS, our PKI-as-a-Service software leverages on our Swiss-based Root of
Trust to conveniently and scalably issue and manage trusted device identities ensuring IoT device compliance with protocols such as Matter,
Wi-SUN, and WebTrust. Our PKI solutions now include post-quantum algorithms to protect against quantum threats. • Personalization Services: Enabling clients to pre-provision private keys and certificates into chips
within 4 weeks, reducing costs and time-to-market. But also, on-line or off-line during device manufacturing using our INeS Box device. SEALSQ
solutions serve high-growth industries requiring secure, scalable, and certified solutions. Some examples of the use cases of our products
are as follows: • Smart Homes & Consumer Electronics: SEALSQ products help device makers accelerating
time to market and reducing costs by easing compliance with the growingly adopted Matter protocol that ensures secure and seamless interoperability
across connected devices, addressing a market projected to reach $78 billion by 2025 (Source: Statista 2023). • Automotive: Securing Plug-and-Charge infrastructure (EV Charging stations), a sector
expected to grow at a 31% CAGR through 2030 (Source: Fortune Business Insights 2022). • IoT and Smart Cities: Protecting billions of IoT devices, with the number of connected devices requiring
protection anticipated to reach 28.3 billion units by 2027 (Source: IoT Analytics 2023). S- 8 • Critical Infrastructure: Securing smart grids and utilities through FIPS 140-3 certified solutions. • Healthcare: Enabling secure communication for medical devices and sensitive patient data. • Industrial IoT: Providing tamper-resistant chips for sensors and mission-critical systems. SEALSQ
semiconductors and PKI services contribute to secure millions of objects: luxury products, routers, gateways, utilities meters, E.V.
chargers, drones, authentication dongles, storage memory USB sticks, medical devices, connected door-locks, and a variety of other electronic
consumers devices. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and
a Foreign Private Issuer Emerging Growth Company We are an “emerging growth company”, as defined
in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our Ordinary Shares less attractive because
we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Ordinary Shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading
market for our Ordinary Shares and our share price may be more volatile. In addition, under the JOBS Act, our independent registered
public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for so long as we are an emerging growth company. For as long as we take advantage of the reduced reporting
obligations, the information that we provide our shareholders may be different from information provided by other public companies. Foreign Private Issuer As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to, and we
do, rely on exemptions from certain Nasdaq corporate governance standards applicable to domestic U.S. issuers. This may afford less protection
to holders of our Ordinary Shares. We are exempted from certain corporate governance requirements
of Nasdaq by virtue of being a foreign private issuer. We are required to provide a brief description of the significant differences between
our corporate governance practices and the Nasdaq corporate governance practices required to be followed by domestic U.S. companies listed
on Nasdaq. The standards applicable to us are considerably different from the standards applied to domestic U.S. issuers. For instance,
we are not required to: · have a majority of the board of directors be independent (although all of the members of
the audit committee must be independent under the Securities Exchange Act); · have a compensation committee or a nominating or corporate governance committee consisting
entirely of independent directors; or · have regularly scheduled executive sessions with only independent directors. We have relied on and intend to continue to rely on some
of these exemptions. As a result, you may not be provided with the benefits of certain corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. Because we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the
Exchange Act, we are also exempt from certain provisions of the securities rules and regulations in the United States that are applicable
to U.S. domestic issuers, including: · the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q or current reports on Form 8-K; · the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations
in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act; · the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock
ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time; and · the selective disclosure rules by issuers of material non-public information under Regulation
FD. Recent Developments Sales under the ATM Facility On May 19, 2025, we entered into a Controlled
Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and Maxim, pursuant
to which we may elect to sell, from time to time through Cantor, acting as the sole designated sales agent and/or principal, Ordinary
Shares, having an aggregate offering amount of up to $100,000,000 (the “ATM Facility”). As of the date hereof, we have sold an aggregate of 7,509,737 Ordinary
Shares under the ATM Facility. WECAN Investment On June 27, 2025, we signed a Share Purchase Agreement to make a strategic
investment in WeCan Group SA (“WECAN”), a Swiss blockchain and data compliance innovator by acquiring a 28.30% equity stake
in the company. The investment was made through a combination of cash and our Ordinary Shares. We issued 481,110 Ordinary Shares
and paid CHF 1,131,141 in cash to a group of shareholders of WECAN who wanted to sell their shares (the “WECAN shareholders”). Reports
on Form 6-K Information
contained in our Reports on Form 6-K furnished by us to the SEC on March 21, 2025, March 24, 2025, April 9, 2025, and May 1, 2025, May
14, 2025, May 19, 2025, May 20, 2025, May 22, 2025, May 27, 2025, and June 17, 2025. Corporate
Information SEALSQ
Corp is a BVI business company incorporated and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Our registered office in the British
Virgin Islands is at Craigmuir Chambers, Road Town, Tortola, VG 1110, British Virgin Islands. Our principal executive offices and effective
place of management are located at Avenue Louis-Casaï 58, 1216 Cointrin, Switzerland. Our telephone number from the United States
is 011 41 22 594 3000. Our website can be accessed at www.SEALSQ.com. The information on or linked to on our website is not a part of
this prospectus supplement. S- 9 THE OFFERING The following summary contains basic information about
the offering and is not intended to be complete. It does not contain all the information that is important to you. You should carefully
read the entire prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein before
making an investment decision. Ordinary Shares Offered By Us 15,000,000
Ordinary Shares. Warrants offered by us Class A Warrants to purchase up to 15,000,000 Ordinary
Shares. The Class A Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised at any time on or prior to the date that is seven years
after the date such warrants are issued. Class B Warrants to purchase up to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares. The Class B Warrants are immediately
exercisable and may be exercised at any time on or prior to the date that is seven years after the date such warrants are issued. We may
refer to the Class A Warrants and the Class B Warrants as, collectively, the “Warrants”. Each Warrant is exercisable for one
Ordinary Share at an exercise price of $4.60. This prospectus supplement also relates to the offering of 30,000,000 Ordinary Shares upon
the exercise of the Warrants. Ordinary Shares Outstanding
After This Offering 138,731,729 Ordinary Shares (or 168,731,729
Ordinary Shares if the Warrants are exercised in 	full). Use
of Proceeds We estimate that our net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $55,450,000, after deducting the placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds
from this offering to (i) continue the deployment of its next-generation post-quantum semiconductor technology and ASIC capabilities in
the United States, and (ii) for general corporate and working capital purposes and strategic acquisitions. See “ Use of Proceeds ”
for a more complete description of the intended use of proceeds from this offering. Risk
Factors See the sections titled “ Risk Factors ” commencing on page S-11 of this prospectus supplement and in our base prospectus and the Annual Report incorporated by reference herein for a discussion of factors
you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our Ordinary Shares. Listing Our Ordinary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol “LAES.” Lock-Up We, and certain of our directors, officers, and affiliates, have agreed, subject
to certain exceptions, not to offer, issue, sell, contract to sell, encumber, grant any option for the sale of or otherwise dispose of
any of our Ordinary Shares or other securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our Ordinary Shares for a period of
90 days after the closing date of the offering to which this prospectus supplement relates. See “ Plan of Distribution ”
for more information. Transfer
Agent Computershare
Trust Company, N.A. is the registrar and transfer agent of our Ordinary Shares. The number of our Ordinary Shares
to be outstanding after this offering is based on 123,731,729 of our Ordinary Shares outstanding as of July 14, 2025, assumes no exercise
of the Warrants, and excludes the following: • 3,837,506 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase up to 3,837,506 Ordinary
Shares at an exercise price of $0.01 per share issued under our Employee Ordinary Share Ownership Plan. S- 10 RISK FACTORS An
investment in our Ordinary Shares involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our Ordinary Shares, you should carefully consider
the risk factors set forth below and those described under “Risk Factors” in the documents incorporated by reference herein,
including in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC, together with the other information included in this prospectus
supplement, the base prospectus and incorporated by reference herein from our filings with the SEC. If any of such risks or uncertainties
occurs, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business operations. As a
result, the trading price of our Ordinary Shares could decline and you could lose all or a part of your investment. Risks
Related to this Offering Our management will have broad discretion over the
use of the net proceeds from this offering, and you may not agree with how we use the proceeds and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. Our
management will have broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from this offering and could use them for purposes other than
those contemplated at the time of this offering. Accordingly, you are relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use
of these net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds will
be used appropriately. We intend to use the proceeds from this offering in the manner described under “ Use of Proceeds .”
It is possible that the proceeds will be invested in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for SEALSQ. Purchasers may experience immediate dilution
in the net tangible book value per Ordinary Share of the Ordinary Shares purchased in the offering. The
offering price per share and the accompanying Warrants in this offering may exceed the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value
per Ordinary Share outstanding prior to this offering. We calculate net tangible book value per share by dividing the net tangible book
value, which is tangible assets less total liabilities, by the number of outstanding Ordinary Shares. Dilution represents the difference
between the price per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants paid by purchasers in this offering and the pro forma as adjusted net
tangible book value per Ordinary Share immediately after giving effect to this offering. As of December 31, 2024, our net tangible book
value was $85.8 million, or $0.78 per Ordinary Share. After
giving effect to the issuance of 4,469,382 Ordinary Shares following the exercise of warrants to purchase 4,469,382 Ordinary Shares at
a price of $1.70 per share on January 3, 2025, the issuance of 1,231,981 Ordinary Shares at a price of $0.01 per share during the period
from June 5, 2025 to June 16, 2025 pursuant to stock option exercises under our stock option plan, the issuance on May 6, 2025 of 10,000,000
Ordinary Shares at an offering price of $2.00 per share pursuant to a registered direct offering, the issuance of 7,509,737 Ordinary
Shares during the period from May 23, 2025 to June 12, 2025 at an average sales price of $3.7635 per share pursuant to sales under our
ATM facility, and to the issuance of 481,110 Ordinary Shares to the WECAN shareholders on June 27, 2025 at an estimated price of $4.05
per share; our pro forma net tangible book value as of December 31, 2024 would have been approximately $133.0 million or $1.07 per Ordinary
Share. After
giving effect to the sale of 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares at a price of $4.00 per share on July 14, 2025, and after deducting aggregate
offering expenses paid by us, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31, 2024 would have been approximately
$188.4 million or $1.36 per Ordinary Share. This
represents an immediate increase in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value to existing shareholders of $0.29 per Ordinary Share
and an immediate dilution to purchasers in this offering of $2.64 per Ordinary Share. S- 11 See
the section entitled “ Dilution ” on page S-19 below for a more detailed illustration of the dilution you may incur
if you participate in this offering. You may experience future dilution as a result of
future equity offerings. In
order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional of our Ordinary Shares or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for our Ordinary Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell Ordinary Shares or other securities in any
other offering at a price per Ordinary Share that is equal to or greater than the price per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants
paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing Ordinary Shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior
to existing shareholders. The price per Ordinary Share at which we sell additional Ordinary Shares or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for our Ordinary Shares in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per Ordinary Share and accompanying
Warrants in this offering. In addition, the market price of our Ordinary Share could fall as a result of resales of any of these Ordinary
Shares due to an increased number of Ordinary Shares available for sale in the market. Risks Related to the Warrants There
is no public trading market for the Warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares in this offering. There
is no established public trading market for the Warrants being sold in this offering, and we do not expect such a market to develop.
This may negatively affect the market value of the Warrants and your ability to transfer or sell your Warrants. In addition, we do not
intend to apply to list the Warrants on any securities exchange or other nationally recognized trading system. Without an active market,
the liquidity of the Warrants will be limited. The
market price of our Ordinary Shares, which has been volatile and may continue to be volatile, may adversely affect the value of the Warrants
sold in this offering, and you may not be able to recover the value of your investment. The
market price of our Ordinary Shares, which has been volatile and may continue to be volatile, will affect the value of the Warrants sold
in this offering. The market price of our Ordinary Shares will likely fluctuate in response to a number of factors, including our financial
condition and operating results, as well as economic, financial and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. In order for
you to recover the value of your investment in the Warrants, the market price of our Ordinary Shares must increase from the price in
effect on the date of this prospectus supplement. However, there can be no assurance that the price of our Ordinary Shares will exceed
the price required for you to achieve a positive return on your investment upon a warrant exercise date. The common warrants
are speculative in nature. The
Warrants offered hereby do not confer any rights of Ordinary Share ownership on their holders, such as voting rights or the right to
receive dividends, but rather merely represent the right to acquire Ordinary Shares at a fixed price. Moreover, following this offering,
the market value of the Warrants will be uncertain and there can be no assurance that the market value of the Warrants will equal or
exceed their exercise price. There can be no assurance that the market price of the Ordinary Shares will ever equal or exceed the exercise
price of the Warrants, and consequently, whether it will ever be profitable for holders of the Warrants to exercise the Warrants. The holders of
the Warrants will have no rights as shareholders until they acquire Ordinary Shares. Until
you become a holder of record of our Ordinary Shares issued upon settlement of your Warrants, you will have no rights with
respect to such shares, including rights to vote or rights to respond to tender offers. Upon exercise of your Warrants, you will be entitled
to exercise the rights of a shareholder only as to matters for which the record date occurs on or after the date you become the holder
of record of such shares. General Risks Acquisitions,
joint ventures, and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business. We
expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy.
Acquisitions and other transactions and arrangements involve significant challenges and risks, including that they do not receive the
required government approvals to close, that they do not advance our business strategy, that we get an unsatisfactory return on our investment,
that they raise new compliance-related obligations and challenges, that we have difficulty integrating and retaining new employees, business
systems, and technology, that they distract management from our other businesses, or that announced transactions may not be completed.
If an arrangement fails to adequately anticipate changing circumstances and interests of a party, it may result in early termination
or renegotiation of the arrangement. We also have limited ability to control or influence third parties with whom we have arrangements,
which may impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions and arrangements depend in part on
our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones, as well as the acquired companies’
ability to meet our policies and processes in areas such as data governance, privacy, and cybersecurity. It may take longer than expected
to realize the full benefits from these transactions and arrangements, such as increased revenue or enhanced efficiencies, or the benefits
may ultimately be smaller than we expected. For
example, on May 27, 2025, we announced an agreement to acquire IC’ALPs subject to receiving the necessary regulatory approval by
the French Ministry of the Economy. If this transaction is not approved by the French Ministry of the Economy, we may have to alter or
unwind the transaction, and that could have an adverse effect on our business. Resales
of our Ordinary Shares in the public market following this offering may cause the trading price to fall. The
resale of a substantial number of Ordinary Shares could depress the trading price of our Ordinary Shares. This offering of new Ordinary
Shares could result in resales of our Ordinary Shares by our current shareholders concerned about the potential dilution of their holdings.
If our shareholders sell substantial amounts of our Ordinary Shares in the public market following the offering contemplated by this
prospectus supplement, the trading price of our Ordinary Shares could fall. Our
stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. The
market price of our Ordinary Shares has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. The variance in our stock price makes it difficult
to forecast the stock price at which an investor may be able to buy or sell Ordinary Shares. The market price for our Ordinary Shares
could be subject to fluctuations as a result of factors that are out of our control, such as: • actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; • general conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry; and • general economic, political and market conditions. We may, in the future, issue additional
Ordinary Shares, which would reduce investors’ percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. The
future issuance of Ordinary Shares, including in “at the market” or continuous equity offerings may result in substantial
dilution in the percentage of our Ordinary Shares held by our then existing shareholders. We may value any Ordinary Shares in the future
on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of Ordinary Shares for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect
of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our Ordinary Shares
and could impair our ability to raise capital in the future through the sale of equity securities. . Under “at the market”
or continuous equity offerings”, we will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing, prices and number of shares
sold. S- 12 An
active trading market for our Ordinary Shares may not be sustained. Although
our Ordinary Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC, the market for our Ordinary Shares has demonstrated varying levels of
trading activity. The current level of trading may not be sustained in the future. The lack of an active market for our Ordinary Shares
may impair investors’ ability to sell their Ordinary Shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they consider
reasonable, may reduce the fair market value of their Ordinary Shares and may impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund
operations by selling Ordinary Shares and may impair our ability to acquire additional assets by using our Ordinary Shares as consideration. Our
business could suffer as a result of tariffs and trade sanctions or similar actions. The
imposition by the U.S. government of trade measures, including tariffs, sanctions or other restrictions on goods exported from, or imported
into, the United States, or countermeasures imposed in response to such U.S. government trade measures, could adversely affect global
economic conditions, our operations or our ability to sell our products globally, which could adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. Recently, the U.S. government has initiated the imposition of stronger trade measures on certain goods exported
from, or imported into, the U.S., and reciprocally non-U.S. governments have increased their threat and implementation of countermeasures.
For example, recently, the U.S. government announced proposed tariffs on imports of semiconductor chips into the U.S. The U.S. President
has increased, and reserved for further increases in, the scope and amount of tariffs in the event of retaliatory countermeasures, and
the future of existing tariffs and, as a result, the possibility for new tariffs and countermeasures, remains very uncertain. A large
amount of our current supply chain does not directly import products to the U.S. as we supply to contract manufacturers located outside
the U.S. This is the case even when our ultimate customer is a U.S. company. However, the tariffs on imports of semiconductor chips,
or products containing semiconductor chips, into the U.S. could impact upon the contract manufacturers, and the entire semiconductor
supply chain, when the finished goods are delivered to the end-customer. Furthermore, end-customers may seek to restructure the supply
chain to areas or countries unaffected by tariffs, or demand for the semiconductor supply chain to absorb the added costs of the tariffs
and that will, in turn, reduce our revenue and gross profit. There is a further possibility that any future tariffs may still impact
upon our ability to sell our product and to remain competitive in the market. Escalations in trade measures may directly impair our business
by increasing trade-related costs or disrupting established supply chains and may indirectly impair our business by causing a negative
effect on global economic conditions and financial markets. In addition, de-escalation of trade measures, or selected exemptions from
trade measures, may not result in an immediate increase in our business activity. The ultimate impact of the evolving trade measures
is uncertain and may be affected by various factors, including whether and when such trade measures are implemented, the timing when
such measures may become effective, and the amount, scope, or nature of such trade measures. Additional
changes or threatened changes in U.S. trade measures have affected and may continue to affect trade involving many countries as well,
including Mexico, Canada, Colombia, Taiwan, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the member countries of the
European Union. Each of these measures or threatened measures may instigate reciprocal countermeasures by affected countries, potentially
accelerating further increases in trade measures. Any trade measure against Taiwan may specifically target imports of semiconductor products,
which, if imposed, could seriously and negatively affect our business and the U.S. economy overall. The materials subject to these trade
measures may impact the cost or availability of raw materials used by our suppliers or in our customers’ products. We cannot predict
the evolving trade policies, but the imposition of trade measures by the U.S. on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade
measures taken in response to additional U.S. trade measures, could increase costs in our supply chain or reduce demand of our customers’
products, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations. Any increase in trade-related costs associated with such
measures may impair the profitability of such international production, may strain our suppliers’ ability to reliably provide inputs
necessary to produce these items, and may otherwise affect our partners’ abilities to provide our products at previously contracted
prices. Our business and financial results could be negatively affected as a result. S- 13 USE OF PROCEEDS We
estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of our securities in this offering will be approximately $55,450,000, after deducting placement
agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and
general corporate purposes. Pending
our use of the net proceeds from this offering, we intend to use the net proceeds to (i) continue the deployment of its next-generation
post-quantum semiconductor technology and ASIC capabilities in the United States, and (ii) for general corporate and working capital
purposes and strategic acquisitions. This
expected use of the net proceeds from this offering and our existing cash represents our intentions based upon our current plans, financial
condition and business conditions. The amount, timing and nature of specific expenditures of net proceeds from this offering will depend
on a number of factors, including the timing, scope, progress and results of our development efforts and the timing and progress of any
collaboration efforts. As of the date of this prospectus supplement, we cannot specify with certainty all of the particular uses of the
proceeds from this offering. Accordingly, we will retain broad discretion over the use of such proceeds. Pending any use of the net proceeds
from this offering, if any, we intend to deposit the proceeds in checking or money market accounts, or invest in short term highly rated
investments, at financial institutions. S- 14 CAPITALIZATION The
following table presents our total capitalization and cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024, · on an actual basis; · on a pro forma basis to give effect, from December 31, 2024 to the date of this
prospectus supplement, to the exercise of 4,469,382 warrants at an exercise price of $1.70 per share on January 3, 2025, the exercise
of 1,231,981 Ordinary Share options at an exercise price of $0.01 per share during the period from June 5, 2025 to June 16, 2025 pursuant
to stock option exercises under our stock option plan, the exercise of 100 F Share options at an exercise price of $0.05 per share on
January 10 2025, the issuance on May 6, 2025 of 10,000,000 Ordinary Shares at an offering price of $2.00 per share pursuant to a registered
direct offering, the issuance of 7,509,737 Ordinary Shares during the period from May 23, 2025 to June 12, 2025 at an average sales price
of $3.7635 per share pursuant to sales under our ATM facility, and the issuance of 481,110 Ordinary Shares to the WECAN shareholders on
June 27, 2025 at an estimated price of $4.05 per share; and · on a pro forma, as adjusted basis, giving effect to the issuance and sale under
this prospectus supplement of 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares at an offering price of $4.00 per share. The
information set forth in the following table should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, reference to our
financial statements and the notes thereto incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Actual (audited) Pro Forma (unaudited) Pro Forma, As Adjusted (unaudited) USD'000 Debt(1): Indebtedness to related parties, noncurrent 3,009 3,009 3,009 Bonds, mortgages and other long-term debt 1,819 1,819 1,819 Convertible note payable, noncurrent — — — Indebtedness to related parties, noncurrent 3,105 3,105 3,105 Total debt 7,933 7,933 7,933 Shareholders’ equity: Capital stock(2)(3) —Ordinary Shares 1,000 1,237 1,387 —Class F Shares 75 75 75 Additional Paid-in Capital 117,944 172,829 228,129 Accumulated other comprehensive income / (loss) 758 758 758 Accumulated deficit (41,913 ) (41,913 ) (41,913 ) Total equity 77,864 132,987 188,437 Total capitalization 85,797 140,920 196,370 (1) All debt is unsecured. (2) Under our Amended and Restated Memorandum
                                            and Articles of Association, as amended, we are authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 Ordinary
                                            Shares, US$0.01 par value per share, of which 100,003,519, are issued and outstanding as
                                            of December 31, 2024, and 10,000,000 Class F Shares, US$0.05 par value per share, of which
                                            1,499,700 are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024. See “Description of
                                            Ordinary Shares” in the accompanying base prospectus. (3) Except as otherwise noted, all information in this prospectus reflects and assumes no exercise of outstanding options or warrants. The
above table excludes (i) 3,837,506 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase up to 3,837,506 Ordinary Shares
at an exercise price of $0.01 per share issued under our Employee Ordinary Share Ownership Plan and (ii) 30,000,000 Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Warrants. S- 15 DESCRIPTION OF ORDINARY SHARES For
a description of the rights associated with the Ordinary Shares, see “ Description of Ordinary Shares ” in the accompanying
base prospectus. S- 16 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following is a brief summary of certain terms and conditions of
the Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants being offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement. The following description is subject in
all respects to the provisions contained in the respective Warrants. Form The Class A Warrants and Class B Warrants will each be issued as individual
warrant instruments issued to the investors. The Class A Warrants and the Class B Warrants are identical in terms of Warrant holders’
rights and our obligations thereunder except for the put right granted to holders of Class A Warrants described below under “Fundamental
transactions”, The form of Class A Warrant and Class B Warrants will be filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 6-K that
we expect to file with the SEC. Exercisability and duration Each of the Warrants is exercisable immediately on or after the issuance
date and at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on July 15, 2032 (the “Expiration Date”) for the purchase of
Ordinary Shares (the “Warrant Shares”). The Warrants are exercisable via “cashless” exercise in the absence of
an effective registration statement registering the issuance of the Warrant Shares to the Warrant holders. Exercise Price The exercise price per Ordinary Share purchasable upon the exercise
of the Warrants is $4.60 per Ordinary Share. The exercise price of the Warrants and the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise
are subject to applicable adjustment in the event of certain share dividends and distributions, share splits, share combinations, reclassifications
or similar events affecting our Ordinary Shares. Fractional shares No fractional Ordinary Shares are to be issued upon the exercise of
Warrants. In lieu of a fractional Ordinary Share, we will, upon exercise, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction
in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the exercise price or round up to the nearest whole number the number of Ordinary Shares
to be issued upon such exercise. Exercise limitations A holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrants
if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the total number of issued and outstanding Ordinary
Shares immediately after giving effect to such exercise, except that upon at least 61 days’ prior notice from the holder to us,
the holder may increase the amount of ownership of outstanding stock after exercising the holder’s Warrants up to 9.99% of the number
of Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance
with the terms of the Warrants. Transferability. Subject to applicable laws, Warrants may be offered for sale, sold,
transferred or assigned without our consent. Antidilution and other adjustments The exercise price of the Warrants and the
number of shares of Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain
stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our Ordinary Shares.
The holders of Warrants have the right to participate on an as-exercised basis in certain distributions to our holders of our Ordinary
Shares. Fundamental transactions Under the Warrants, we have agreed that upon consummation of a Fundamental
Transaction (as defined below), then, upon any subsequent exercise of the Warrants, the holder shall have the right to receive, for
each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction,
at the option of the holder, the number of shares of common equity of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it
is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the
number of Ordinary Shares for which such Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we or any successor entity shall, at
the option of a holder of a Class A Warrant exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days after, the consummation
of the Fundamental Transaction (or, if later, the date of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction), purchase
the Class A Warrant from the Class A Warrant holder by paying to such holder an amount of cash equal to the Black Scholes Value (as hereinafter
defined) of the remaining unexercised portion of the Class A Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction. For the purposes of the foregoing description: “ Black Scholes Value ” means the value of the
Class A Warrant based on the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the “OV” function on Bloomberg determined
as of the day of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest
rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of the
applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the greater of (1) the
30 day volatility, (2) the 100 day volatility or (3) the 365 day volatility, each of clauses (1)-(3) as obtained from the HVT
function on Bloomberg (determined utilizing a 365 day annualization factor) as of the Trading Day immediately following the public
announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction, and (4) 100%, (C) the underlying price per share used in such
calculation shall be the greater of (i) the sum of the price per share being offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash
consideration, if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction and (ii) the highest VWAP during the period beginning in the
Trading Day immediately preceding the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and ending on the
close of business on the date that the Fundamental Transaction is consummated (provided that if the consummation of the applicable
Fundamental Transaction occurs prior to the public announcement of the Fundamental Transaction, (ii) shall be equal to the highest
VWAP during the period beginning on the Trading Day immediately prior the consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and
ending on the close of business on the date that the Fundamental Transaction is announced), (D) a remaining option time equal to the
time between the date of the public announcement of the applicable contemplated Fundamental Transaction and the Termination Date and
(E) a zero cost of borrow; and “ Fundamental Transaction ” means a transaction in
which (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
with or into another Person, (ii) the Company or any Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment,
transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii)
any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant
to which holders of Ordinary Shares are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and
has been accepted by the holders of greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the
common equity of the Company, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Ordinary Shares or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Ordinary Shares are effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group
acquires greater than 50% of the outstanding Ordinary Shares or greater than 50% of the voting power of the common equity of the Company.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Fundamental Transaction shall not include (i) any merger of the Company, parent of the Company or any
of their, direct or indirect, consolidated subsidiaries with or into any of the foregoing Persons, (ii) any reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification of the Ordinary Shares in which holders of the Company’s voting power immediately prior to such reorganization,
recapitalization or reclassification continue after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification to hold publicly traded
securities and, directly or indirectly, are, in all material respects, the holders of the voting power of the surviving entity (or entities
with the authority or voting power to elect the members of the board of directors (or their equivalent if other than a corporation) of
such entity or entities) after such reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification, or (iii) pursuant to a migratory merger effected
solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No rights as a shareholder Except as provided in the Warrants, the holder of a Warrant, solely
in its capacity as holder of a Warrant, does not have the rights of a holder of Ordinary Shares including any voting rights, prior to
the issuance to the holder of the Ordinary Shares which it is then entitled to receive upon the due exercise of a Warrant. Exchange listing We do not plan on applying to list the Warrants on The Nasdaq Capital
Market, any other national securities exchange, or any other nationally recognized trading system. S- 17 CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS You
should carefully read the discussion of the material British Virgin Islands and U.S. federal income tax considerations associated with
our operations and the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our Ordinary Shares set forth in Section E, “ Taxation ,”
of Item 10 of our Annual Report, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2025 and incorporated by reference herein. S- 18 DILUTION If you invest in our securities from this offering, your
ownership interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the price per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants you
pay in this offering and the as adjusted net tangible book value per Ordinary Share immediately after this offering. We calculate net
tangible book value per share by dividing the net tangible book value, which is tangible assets less total liabilities, by the number
of outstanding Ordinary Shares. Dilution represents the difference between the price per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants paid
by purchasers of our securities in this offering and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our Ordinary Shares
immediately after giving effect to this offering. As of December 31, 2024, our net tangible book value was $77.9 million, or $0.78 per
Ordinary Share. After
giving effect to the issuance of 4,469,382 Ordinary Shares following the exercise of warrants to purchase 4,469,382 Ordinary Shares at
a price of $1.70 per share on January 3, 2025, the issuance of 1,231,981 Ordinary Shares at a price of $0.01 per share during the period
from June 5, 2025 to June 16, 2025, the issuance on May 6, 2025 of 10,000,000 Ordinary Shares at an offering price of $2.00 per share,
the issuance of 7,509,737 Ordinary Shares during the period from May 23, 2025 to June 12, 2025 at an average sales price of $3.7635 per
share, and to the issuance of 481,110 Ordinary Shares on June 27, 2025 at an estimated price of $4.05 per share, our pro forma net tangible
book value as of December 31, 2024 would have been approximately $133.0 million or $1.07 per Ordinary Share. After
giving effect to the sale of 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares at a price of $4.00 per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants on July 14,
2025, and after deducting aggregate offering expenses paid by us, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value as of December 31,
2024 would have been approximately $188.4 million or $1.36 per Ordinary Share. This represents an immediate increase in as adjusted pro
forma net tangible book value to existing shareholders of $0.29 per Ordinary Share and an immediate dilution to purchasers in this offering
of $2.64 per Ordinary Share. The
following table illustrates this calculation on a per Ordinary Share basis and assumes no exercise of the Warrants. Offering price per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants $	4.00 Net tangible book value per share as of December 31, 2024 $	0.78 Increase per Ordinary Share attributable to the Ordinary Share issuances made during the period from January 3, 2025 to June 27, 2025 as disclosed above $	0.29 Pro forma net tangible book value as of December 31, 2024 $	1.07 Increase per Ordinary Share attributable to this offering $	0.29 Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value per Ordinary Share
as of December 31, 2024, after giving effect to this offering $	1.36 Dilution per Ordinary Share to new investors purchasing Ordinary Shares in this offering $	2.64 S- 19 The
foregoing discussion and table are based on 100,039,519 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2024, assumes no exercise of the
Warrants, and exclude, as of that date, the following: · 100 Class F Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Class F Share Options; · 544,629 Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase up to
544,629 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $0.01 per share issued under our Employee Ordinary Share Ownership Plan; and · 4,469,382 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants to purchase up to
4,469,382 Ordinary Shares issued to the investors under the Note Purchase Agreement at an exercise price of $1.70 per share (as repriced)
which expire on July 11, 2028. We
may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds
for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible
debt securities, the issuance of these securities may result in further dilution to our shareholders. S- 20 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Maxim
Group, LLC, who we refer to as “Maxim” or the Placement Agent has agreed to act as the sole placement agent in connection
with this offering subject to the terms and conditions of the placement agency agreement, dated as of July 14, 2025. The Placement Agent
has not purchased or sold any of the shares of our Ordinary Shares or Warrants offered by this prospectus supplement, nor is it required
to arrange the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of our Ordinary Shares or Warrants, but have agreed to use its
reasonable best efforts to arrange for the sale of all of the Ordinary Shares and Warrants offered hereby. We entered into a securities
purchase agreement, dated as of July 14, 2025, directly with the investors in connection with this offering and we will only sell to
the investors who have entered into the securities purchase agreement with us. We
expect to deliver the 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares, the Class A Warrants to purchase up to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares and the Class B Warrants
to purchase up to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares sold in this offering and being offered pursuant to this prospectus supplement on or about
July 15, 2025, subject to customary closing conditions (the “Closing Date”). Placement
Agent Fees, Commissions and Expenses We
have agreed to pay the Placement Agent a placement agent fee equal to 7.0% of the aggregate purchase price of the Shares and Warrants
sold in this offering. We have also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent up to $40,000 for the reasonable and accounted fees and expenses
of legal counsel. The following table shows the per Ordinary Share and accompanying Warrants and total cash Placement Agent’s fees
we willpay to the Placement Agent in connection with the sale of the Ordinary Shares and Warrants offered pursuant to this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Per Ordinary Share and accompanying Class A Warrant and Class B Warrant Total Offering price $ 4.00 $ 60,000,000 Placement agent’s fees $ 0.28 $ 4,200,000 Proceeds, before expenses, to us $ 3.72 $ 55,800,000 S- 21 Regulation
M The
Placement Agent may be deemed to be an underwriter within the meaning of Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), and any commissions received by it and any profit realized on the resale of the shares sold by it while
acting as principal might be deemed to be underwriting discounts or commissions under the Securities Act. As underwriter, the Placement
Agentwould be required to comply with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”), including, without limitation, Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 and Regulation M under
the Exchange Act. These rules and regulations may limit the timing of purchases and sales of Ordinary Shares by the Placement Agentacting
as principal. Under these rules and regulations, the Placement Agent: · may not engage in any stabilization activity in connection with our securities; and · may not bid for or purchase any of our securities or attempt to induce any person to purchase any of
our securities, other than as permitted under the Exchange Act, until it has completed its participation in the distribution. Determination
of Offering Price The
actual offering price of the securities we are offering were negotiated between us, the Placement Agentand the investors in the offering
based on the trading price of our Ordinary Shares prior to the offering, among other things. Other factors considered in determining
the public offering price of the securities we are offering, included our history and prospects, the stage of development of our business,
our business plans for the future and the extent to which they have been implemented, an assessment of our management, the general conditions
of the securities markets at the time of the offering and such other factors as were deemed relevant. Indemnification We
have agreed to indemnify the Placement Agentand certain specified other persons against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and to contribute to payments the Placement Agentand such other persons may be required to make
in respect thereof. S- 22 Electronic
Distribution This
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be made available in electronic format on websites or through other online
services maintained by the Placement Agent or by an affiliate. Other than this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus,
the information on the Placement Agent’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by the placement
agent is not part of this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus
supplement and the accompanying prospectus form a part, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or the Placement Agent, and should
not be relied upon by investors. Other The
foregoing does not purport to be a complete statement of the terms and conditions of the placement agency agreement and the form of the
securities purchase agreement. A copy of the form of the securities purchase agreement with the purchasers will be included as an exhibit
to our Current Report on Form 6-K to be filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference into the registration statement of which this
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus form a part. See “ Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference ”
and “ Where You Can Find More Information .” S- 23 Certain
Relationships The
Placement Agent and its affiliates may provide from time to time in the future certain commercial banking, financial advisory, investment
banking and other services for us in the ordinary course of their business, for which they may receive customary fees and commissions.
In addition, from time to time, the Placement Agent and its affiliates may effect transactions for their own account or the account of
customers, and hold on behalf of themselves or their customers, long or short positions in our debt or equity securities or loans, and
may do so in the future. However, except as disclosed in this prospectus supplement, we have no present arrangements with the placement
agent for any further services. Below
is a description of certain recent investment banking and financial advisory services that Maxim has provided to us in the ordinary course
of business, for which Maxim received customary fees, commissions and other compensation. Convertible
Note and Warrant Private Placements Maxim
served as the sole placement agent for us in connection with the private placements of notes and warrants to certain investors on July
11, 2023, January 9, 2024 and March 1, 2024, respectively. Under the terms of this arrangement, SEALSQ has paid a total of $1,515,000
to Maxim. December
16, 2024 Registered Direct Offering Maxim
served as the sole placement agent for us in connection with the December 16, 2024 Offering. Under the terms of this arrangement, SEALSQ
paid a total of $700,000.03 to Maxim. December
17, 2024 Registered Direct Offering Maxim
served as the sole placement agent for us in connection with the December 17, 2024 Offering. Under the terms of this arrangement, SEALSQ
paid a total of $1,750,000.17 to Maxim. December
19, 2024 Registered Direct Offering Maxim
served as the sole placement agent for us in connection with the December 19, 2024 Offering. Under the terms of this arrangement, SEALSQ
paid a total of $1,750,000.17 to Maxim. May
6, 2025 Registered Direct Offering Maxim
served as the sole placement agent for us in connection with the May 6, 2025 Offering. Under the terms of this arrangement, SEALSQ paid
a total of $1,400,000.00 to Maxim. May
19, 2025 ATM Facility Maxim
serves as co-sales agent for us in connection with the May 19, 2025 ATM Facility. Under the terms of this arrangement, SEALSQ has paid
a total of $254,366.00 to Maxim. S- 24 EXPENSES We estimate that the total expenses of this offering payable by us,
excluding the Sales Agents’ commissions, will be approximately $350,000 as follows: SEC registration fee* $ — FINRA filing fee** $ — Legal fees and expenses*** $ 300,000 Accounting fees and expenses*** $ 50,000 Total $ 350,000 * $76,550.00 previously paid ** $75,500.00 previously paid *** Estimated S- 25 LEGAL MATTERS Certain
legal matters with respect to British Virgin Islands law in connection with this offering are being passed upon for us by Harney Westwood
& Riegels (BVI) LP. Certain matters of U.S. federal and New York law are being passed upon for us by Patterson Belknap Webb &
Tyler LLP, New York, New York. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, New York, New York has acted as counsel to the Placement Agent. EXPERTS The
financial statements of SEALSQ Corp as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, in each case incorporated by
reference in this prospectus supplement from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024 have
been so incorporated in reliance on the reports of BDO Ltd, an independent registered public accounting firm, given upon the authority
of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The financial statements of SEALSQ Corp Predecessor as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2022, incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the
year ended December 31, 2024 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of BDO Rhône Alpes, an independent registered
public accounting firm, given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES We
are incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and our principal executive offices are located outside the United States.
Most of our directors and officers and those of our subsidiaries are residents of countries other than the United States. Substantially
all of our and our subsidiaries’ assets and a substantial portion of the assets of our directors and officers are located outside
the United States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for United States investors to effect service of process within the
United States upon us, our directors or officers or our subsidiaries, or to realize against us or them judgments obtained in United States
courts, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in
the United States. Furthermore,
there is substantial doubt that courts in jurisdictions outside the U.S. (i) would enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained in actions
against us or our directors or officers based upon the civil liability provisions of applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws
or (ii) would enforce, in original actions, liabilities against us or our directors or officers based on those laws. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form F-3 under the Securities Act, relating to this offering of securities. This
prospectus supplement does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement. The rules and regulations of the
SEC allow us to omit certain information from this prospectus supplement that is included in the registration statement. Statements made
in this prospectus supplement concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document are summaries of all material information
about the documents summarized, but are not complete descriptions of all terms of these documents. If we filed any of these documents
as an exhibit to the registration statement, you may read the document itself for a complete description of its terms. We
are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to foreign private issuers. In accordance with the Exchange
Act, we file reports, including annual reports on Form 20-F containing financial statements audited by an independent accounting firm.
We also furnish to the SEC, under cover of Reports of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K, material information required to be made public
by us or filed by us with and made public by any stock exchange or distributed by us to our shareholders. Such reports and other information
filed with the SEC are available to the public over the internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. We also generally
make available on our own website (www.sealsq.com) our quarterly and year-end financial statements as well as other information. S- 26 As
a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements
to shareholders, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the “short-swing profits” reporting
and liability provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act and related Exchange Act rules. In addition, we are not required
under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities
are registered under the Exchange Act. We
maintain a corporate website at www.sealsq.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute
a part of this prospectus supplement. We have included our website address in this prospectus supplement solely as an inactive textual
reference. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS
BY REFERENCE The
SEC allows us to incorporate by reference our publicly filed reports into this prospectus supplement, which means that information included
in those reports is considered part of this prospectus supplement. Because we are incorporating by reference future filings with the
SEC, this prospectus supplement is continually updated and those future filings may modify or supersede some of the information included
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. This means that you must look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate
by reference to determine if any of the statements in this prospectus supplement or in any document previously incorporated by reference
have been modified or superseded. This prospectus supplement incorporates by reference the documents listed below and any future filings
we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)
(in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those documents furnished, rather than filed), and, to the extent designated
therein, reports on Form 6-K, until the offering of the securities under the registration statement of which this prospectus supplement
and accompanying base prospectus forms a part is terminated or completed: · our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2025; · our Reports on Form 6-K furnished by us to the SEC on March 21, 2025, March 24, 2025, April 9, 2025,
and May 1, 2025, May 14, 2025, May 19, 2025, May 20, 2025, May 22, 2025, May 27, 2025, and June 17, 2025; · the description of our Ordinary Shares contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with
the SEC on May 18, 2023, as amended by Exhibit 2.4 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with
the SEC on March 20, 2025, as further amended and supplemented by the description of our Securities contained in this prospectus under
“ Description of Ordinary Shares ,” including any subsequent amendment or any report filed for the purpose of updating
such description. S- 27 The
SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers like us that file electronically with the SEC. We
will also incorporate by reference all subsequent Annual Reports on Form 20-F that we file with the SEC. In addition, we will incorporate
by reference certain future materials furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K after the date of the initial registration statement, but only
to the extent specifically indicated in those submissions or in a future prospectus supplement. Each subsequently filed Annual Report
should be deemed to supersede entirely each earlier filed Annual Report and the materials furnished on an earlier Form 6-K and, unless
explicitly stated otherwise, such earlier reports should not be deemed to be part of this prospectus supplement and you should not rely
upon statements made in those earlier periodic reports. In all cases, you should rely on the later information over different information
in this prospectus supplement. We
will furnish without charge to you, on written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the above documents, other than exhibits to such
documents which are not specifically incorporated by reference therein. You should direct any requests for documents to: SEALSQ Corp Avenue Louis-Casaï 58 1216 Cointrin Switzerland Tel: 011-41-22-594-3000 Fax: 011-41-22-594-3001 The
information relating to us contained in this prospectus supplement is not comprehensive and should be read together with the information
contained in the incorporated documents. Descriptions contained in the incorporated documents as to the contents of any contract or other
document may not contain all of the information which is of interest to you. You should refer to the copy of such contract or other document
filed as an exhibit to our filings. S- 28 PROSPECTUS $500 million Ordinary Shares Warrants Subscription Rights Units of SEALSQ Corp __________ This prospectus
relates to the offer and sale by SEALSQ Corp from time to time of Ordinary Shares, warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares, subscription
rights or units. We may also offer securities that may be issuable upon the conversion, exercise or exchange of warrants or subscription
rights. We refer to all of the foregoing securities collectively as the “securities” in this prospectus. The aggregate initial
offering price of the securities that we may offer and sell under this prospectus will not exceed $500 million. Each time
we sell securities pursuant to this prospectus, we will provide in a supplement to this prospectus the price and any other material terms
of any such offering. Any prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should read
this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, as well as the documents incorporated by reference or deemed incorporated by
reference into this prospectus, carefully before you invest in any securities. This
prospectus may not be used to offer or sell securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. We may, from
time to time, offer to sell the securities, through public or private transactions, directly or through underwriters, agents or dealers,
on or off the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, at prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. If any underwriters, agents
or dealers are involved in the sale of any of these securities, the applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the names of the underwriter,
agent or dealer, and any applicable fees, commissions or discounts. Our Ordinary
Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “LAES.” The last reported sale price of our Ordinary
Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 24, 2025 was $3.16 per share. Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Please carefully consider the risks discussed in this prospectus under “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 4 and the “Risk Factors” in “Item 3.D: Key Information—Risk Factors” of our most recent
Annual Report on Form 20-F incorporated by reference in this prospectus and in any applicable prospectus supplement for a discussion of
the factors you should consider carefully before deciding to purchase these securities. Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission, nor any other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement
or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Prospectus dated April 2, 2025. ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus
is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the SEC, utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under this
shelf process, we may sell the securities or any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings for
an aggregate offering amount of up to $500 million. This prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration
statement, certain parts of which are omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, you should refer to
the registration statement and its exhibits for further information about us and our securities. Copies of the registration statement
and its exhibits are on file with the SEC. Statements contained in this prospectus concerning the documents we have filed with the SEC
are not intended to be comprehensive, and in each instance we refer you to a copy of the actual document filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement or otherwise filed with the SEC. Each time we
offer our securities pursuant to this registration statement, we will provide you with a prospectus supplement that will describe the
specific amounts, prices and terms of the securities we offer. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained
in this prospectus. This prospectus, together with applicable prospectus supplements and the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus and any prospectus supplements, includes all material information relating to this offering. Please read carefully both this
prospectus and any prospectus supplement together with additional information described below under “ Where
You Can Find More Information ” and “ Incorporation of
Certain Documents by Reference .” This prospectus
does not contain all of the information provided in the registration statement that we filed with the Commission. For further information
about us or our securities, you should refer to that registration statement, which you can obtain from the Commission as described below
under “ Where You Can Find More Information ” and “ Incorporation
of Certain Documents by Reference .” You should
rely only on the information incorporated by reference or provided in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement. “Incorporated
by reference” means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with
the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy,
our securities only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted. We are not making, nor will we make, an offer to sell securities
in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and
any supplement to this prospectus is current only as of the dates on their respective covers. Our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects may have changed since that date. We prepare
our financial statements in United States dollars and in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Certain figures
included in this prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not
be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. In this prospectus,
“we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” and “SEALSQ” refers to SEALSQ Corp. Any reference
to “WISeKey” is to WISeKey International Holding AG and its subsidiaries, except where the context otherwise requires. All references in this prospectus to “$,” “U.S.
Dollars” and “dollars” are to United States dollars. This prospectus and the information
incorporated by reference herein and therein include trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely
for convenience, trademarks referred to in this prospectus, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the
® or ™ symbols. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship
with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included or incorporated
by reference into this prospectus or an accompanying prospectus supplement are the property of their respective owners. 1 ABOUT OUR COMPANY This summary
highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus that we consider important. This summary does not contain all of
the information you should consider before investing in our securities. You should read this summary together with the entire prospectus,
including the risks related to our business, our industry and investing in our securities that we describe under “Risk Factors,”
and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus before making an investment
in our securities. SEALSQ is
a leading innovator in Post-Quantum Technology hardware and software solutions. Our technology seamlessly integrates Semiconductors, PKI
(Public Key Infrastructure), and Provisioning Services, with a strategic emphasis on developing state-of-the-art Quantum Resistant Cryptography
and Semiconductors designed to address the urgent security challenges posed by quantum computing. Our products are engineered to safeguard
critical systems, enhancing resilience and security across diverse industries. SEALSQ was
established as a subsidiary of WISeKey International Holding AG, combining decades of expertise in cryptographic security and trusted
digital infrastructure. Headquartered in Switzerland, we operate across Europe, the United States, and other strategic markets. Our solutions
provide the foundation of digital trust for businesses and governments worldwide. SEALSQ delivers integrated
digital security solutions that combine four critical components into a unified offering: Root-of-Trust , Secure Chips , trusted Identity
Generation and Management (PKI) , and Personalization Services .
Together, these components ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of connected devices and digital communications. SEALSQ delivers integrated digital
security solutions that combine four critical components into a unified offering: Root-of- Trust, Secure Chips, trusted Identity Generation
and Management (PKI), and Personalization Services. Together, these components ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity
of connected devices and digital communications. Our offerings are structured around four foundational technology
pillars: 1. Our Swiss-based Post Quantum Root of Trust: Offering neutrality, reliability, and is certified by leading industry standards such as WebTrust (browsers), Matter (Smart Home), and Wi-SUN (Smart Grid). 2. Public Key Infrastructure services: Leveraging this root-of-trust we offer a SaaS solution to issue and manage cryptographic credentials that authenticate users, devices, and systems. Our platform uses Quantum Resistant Cryptographic Algorithms recommended by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). 3. Personalization Services: Industrial-scale systems for embedding digital identities into secure microcontrollers, enabling seamless integration and secure operation at scale. 4. Quantum Resistant certified secure microcontrollers: Designed to protect and store digital identities, ensuring robust authentication for connected devices and systems. SEALSQ’s comprehensive product range meets the growing
demand for secure, certified solutions across industries: · Post-Quantum Chips: SEALSQ is developing two secure microcontrollers with quantum-resistant cryptographic capabilities, scheduled for market release in Q4 2025. · VaultIC Secure Microcontrollers: Pre-certified cryptographic chips for IoT devices, enabling secure authentication and protection against cyber threats. Recent innovations include VaultIC292 for Matter & devices, and VaultIC408 for smart meters and industrial IoT. · Public Key Infrastructure (PKI): INeS, our PKI-as-a-Service software leverages on our Swiss-based Root of Trust to conveniently and scalably issue and manage trusted device identities ensuring IoT device compliance with protocols such as Matter, Wi-SUN, and WebTrust. Our PKI solutions now include post-quantum algorithms to protect against quantum threats. · Personalization Services: Enabling clients to pre-provision private keys and certificates into chips within 4 weeks, reducing costs and time-to-market. But also, on-line or off-line during device manufacturing using our INeS Box device. SEALSQ solutions serve high-growth industries requiring
secure, scalable, and certified solutions. Some examples of the use cases of our products are as follows: • Smart Homes & Consumer Electronics: SEALSQ products help device makers accelerating time to market and reducing costs by easing compliance with the growingly adopted Matter protocol that ensures secure and seamless interoperability across connected devices, addressing a market projected to reach $78 billion by 2025 (Source: Statista 2023). 2 • Automotive: Securing Plug-and-Charge infrastructure (EV Charging stations), a sector expected to grow at a 31% CAGR through 2030 (Source: Fortune Business Insights 2022). • IoT and Smart Cities: Protecting billions of IoT devices, with the number of connected devices requiring protection anticipated to reach 28.3 billion units by 2027 (Source: IoT Analytics 2023). • Critical Infrastructure: Securing smart grids and utilities through Wi-SUN-certified solutions. • Healthcare: Enabling secure communication for medical devices and sensitive patient data. • Industrial IoT: Providing tamper-resistant chips for sensors and mission-critical systems. SEALSQ semiconductors and PKI services contribute to secure
millions of objects: luxury products, routers, gateways, utilities meters, E.V. chargers, drones, authentication dongles, storage memory
USB sticks, medical devices, connected door-locks, and a variety of other electronic consumers devices. Corporate Information SEALSQ Corp is a BVI business company incorporated
and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. Our registered office in the British Virgin Islands is at Craigmuir Chambers,
Road Town, Tortola, VG 1110, British Virgin Islands. Our principal executive offices and effective place of management are located at
Avenue Louis-Casaï 58, 1216 Cointrin, Switzerland. Our telephone number from the United States is 011 41 22 594 3000. Our website
can be accessed at www.SEALSQ.com. The information on or linked to on our website is not a part of this prospectus. 3 RISK FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves significant risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described
under “Risk Factors” in the applicable prospectus supplement and under “Item
3.D: Key Information—Risk Factors ” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F, or any updates in our Reports
on Form 6-K, together with all of the other information appearing in this prospectus or incorporated by reference into this prospectus
and any applicable prospectus supplement, in light of your particular investment objectives and financial circumstances. The risks
so described are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
impair our business operations. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by
any of these risks. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your
investment. The discussion of risks includes or refers to forward-looking statements; you should read the explanation of the qualifications
and limitations on such forward-looking statements discussed elsewhere in this prospectus. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus
contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include information about possible or assumed future results of
our operations or our performance. Words such as “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,”
“anticipates,” “estimates,” “projects,” “forecasts” and variations of such words and similar
expressions, as they relate to us, WISeKey International Holding S.A., our parent company (“WISeKey”), our management or third
parties, are intended to identify the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our business
strategy, financial performance, results of operations, market data, events or developments that SEALSQ expects or anticipates will occur
in the future, as well as any other statements which are not historical facts. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. These
statements involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are inherently subject to significant
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make regarding: These forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, statements relating to: · Our anticipated goals, growth strategies and profitability; · Future operating or financial results; · Our planned capital expenditure program for additional production lines to be added to our supply chain; · The development of our post-quantum cryptography products and our expectation to generate revenue from such products; · The potential for post-quantum cryptography products and estimated market size and market growth including with respect to our long-term business strategy for post-quantum cryptography; · Our intention to make investments in sales and marketing operations including R&D of new products such as post-quantum cryptography; · Our plans for global customer base expansion; · The establishment of a Design Center, OSAT and Personalization project and the projected additional revenue that is will generate; · Our anticipated pipe growth in 2025; · Our belief that the products resulting from our R&D will create additional opportunities for growth; · Our expectation about the development of the markets for SEALSQ, including post-quantum cryptography products, customized security offerings through ASICs, expanding the role of Metaverse, increase in cyber threats and growth of secure hardware market, growing demand for IoT solutions, increase in cybersecurity spending based on the recent regulations and legislations; · Our intent to invest heavily in the ongoing development of our products and technology, including anticipated fab capacity expansion and utilization and expected ramp and production timelines for the Company’s post-quantum semiconductors ;; · Our expectation that we will continue to gain several benefits from our parent company, WISeKey, including the financial reporting and legal support via certain service agreements; · Our forecasted decrease in the sales of our traditional semiconductor chips, as our customers transition towards post-quantum semiconductor technologies; · Our investment in quantum-as-a-service and quantum computing in the cloud; · Changes in global trade policies, including the adoption and expansion of tariffs and trade barriers, that could affect the macro-economic environment and adversely impact the demand for our products; 4 · The availability and costs of equipment, raw materials, utilities, third-party manufacturing services and technology, or other supplies required by our operations; and · Assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing The preceding list is not
intended to be an exhaustive list of all of our forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions
and expectations of future performance, taking into account the information currently available to us and are only predictions based upon
our current expectations and projections about future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, levels
of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. Those factors include, in addition to those set forth in Item
3.D. Risk Factors and those included elsewhere in this report, among others, the following: · The adoption by developers and customers of quantum computing; · Our ability to sell post-quantum cryptography products to customers; · The inability to realize estimated financial position, results of operations or cash flows; · Our ability to anticipate market needs and opportunities; · Our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customer base; · Our ability to foster innovation, to develop new products and enhancements to our existing products; · The demand for our products or for the goods into which our products are incorporated; · Our expectation that order commitments and non-cancellable orders we received are properly executed; · The sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our liquidity needs; · The impact of any supply chain disruption that we may experience; · Our dependency on the timely supply of equipment and materials from our third-party suppliers; · Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; · Our ability to keep pace with technical advances in cryptography and semiconductor design; · Our ability to raise funds for investment by cash flow from operating activities, advance payments from a key customer, and grants and other available subsidies from funding agencies; · Our ability to reduce our cost structure and general and administrative costs; · Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; · Our ability to attract new customers and retain and expand within our existing customer base; · Our ability to foster innovation, to develop new products and enhancements to our existing products; · The future growth of the information technology and cybersecurity industry; · Risks relating to SEALSQ’s ability to implement its growth strategies; · Our ability to successfully form new strategic partnerships with our alliance partners; · Our ability to continue beneficial transactions with material parties, including WISeKey and a limited number of significant customers; · Our ability to prevent security breaches and unauthorized access to confidential customer information; · Our ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations relating to our industries; · The activities of our competitors and the introduction of competing products by our competitors; · Market demand and semiconductor industry conditions; · Our ability to successfully introduce new technologies and products; · Uncertain negative effects from the imposition by the United States of tariffs, sanction or other restrictions; · The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry; · An economic downturn in the semiconductor industry; 5 · Our ability to comply with U.S. and other applicable international laws and regulations; · Changes in our overall tax position as a result of changes in tax laws or tax rates, new or revised legislation, the outcome of tax audits or changes in international tax treaties which may impact our results of operations as well as our ability to accurately estimate tax credits, benefits, deductions and provisions and to realize deferred tax assets; · Fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the other major currencies we use for our operations; · Our ability to collect accounts receivable; · Changes in certain commodities used as raw material, which may affect our gross margin; and · How long we will qualify as an emerging growth company or a foreign private issuer. Given these
risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION
TO PUBLICLY UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS OR THE DOCUMENTS TO WHICH WE REFER YOU IN THIS
PROSPECTUS, TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN OUR EXPECTATIONS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH STATEMENTS OR ANY CHANGE IN EVENTS, CONDITIONS OR CIRCUMSTANCES
ON WHICH ANY STATEMENT IS BASED, EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY LAW. 6 CAPITALIZATION Our capitalization will be set forth in a prospectus
supplement to this prospectus or in a report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K subsequently furnished to the SEC and specifically
incorporated herein by reference. 7 USE OF PROCEEDS Except as
otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for general corporate purposes,
which may include but are not limited to merger and acquisition activities, working capital and research and development expenditure. The intended application of
proceeds from the sale of any particular offering of securities using this prospectus will be described in the accompanying prospectus
supplement relating to such offering. The precise amount and timing of the application of these proceeds will depend on our funding requirements
and the availability and costs of other funds. 8 DESCRIPTION OF ORDINARY SHARES The following
description of our share structure is a summary of the material terms of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and BVI corporate law regarding our shares and the holders thereof. This description contains all material information concerning our
shares but does not purport to be complete. General We are a
British Virgin Islands Business Company (company number 2095496) and our affairs are governed by our memorandum and articles of association
(“Articles”), the BVI Business Companies Act (“BVI Act”) and common law of the British Virgin Islands. Based upon
the Articles, we are authorized to issue a maximum of 210,000,000 shares in two classes as follows: (a) 200,000,000 Ordinary Shares with a par value of USD 0.01 per share (“Ordinary Shares”); and (b) 10,000,000 Class F Shares with a par value of USD 0.05 per share (“Class F Shares”). As of the
date of this prospectus, 104,508,901 Ordinary Shares are issued and outstanding and 1,499,800 Class F Shares are issued and outstanding.
No preferred shares are issued or outstanding or authorized by our Articles. The following description summarizes the material terms of
our shares as set out more particularly in our Articles. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is
important to you. Share Rights Each Ordinary Share confers upon the shareholder: (a) the right to attend any meeting of shareholders; (b) the right to one vote per Ordinary Share on any resolution of shareholders as against each other Ordinary Share but, as a class, the Ordinary Shares shall retain 50.01% of the Company’s voting power; (c) the right to an equal share in any dividend paid by the Company against each other Ordinary Share, which shall be one fifth of any amount paid by the Company against each Class F Share but which shall not rank in preference or be subordinate to any other share; (d) the right to an equal share in the distribution of the surplus assets of the Company against each other Ordinary Share, which shall be one fifth of any amount paid by the Company against each Class F Share but which shall not rank in preference to any other share; and (e) such other rights and entitlements as may be specified in the Articles. Our Ordinary Shareholders have
no conversion, pre-emptive or other subscription rights and there are no sinking fund or redemption provisions applicable to the Ordinary
Shares. Each Class F Share confers upon the shareholder: (a) the right to attend any meeting of shareholders; (b) a number of votes per Class F Share, on any matter that is submitted to a vote of shareholders, that would cause the total votes of all Class F Shares to equal 49.99% of the voting power of all shares (or, if the applicable voting standard is “a majority of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter”, 49.999999% of the voting power of shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter); (c) the right to an equal share in any dividend paid by the Company against each other Class F Shares, and which shall be five times greater than any amount paid by the Company against each Ordinary Share but which shall not rank in preference to any other share; and (d) the right to an equal share in the distribution of the surplus assets of the Company against each other Class F Shares, and which shall be five times greater than any amount paid by the Company against each Ordinary Share but which shall not rank in preference to any other share. The Class F Shares are subject
to mandatory and automatic redemption, in the event of a change of control (being the acquisition by any person or entity, alone or jointly,
of more than 50% of the voting rights of any Class F Shareholder which is a corporate entity), as determined by the Company’s board
of directors, in exchange for the issuance of new Ordinary Shares at a ratio of five (5) Ordinary Shares for each one (1) Class F Share
redeemed. The Class F Shares are non-transferable. 9 The Company
and the holders of the Class F Shares have entered into a Class F Shareholders’ Agreement that provides, among other things, that
the holders of Class F Shares: · will vote the Class F Shares held by them as one and in accordance with the majority (by the number of shares held) view of the holders of the Class F Shares; and · are bound by the redemption provisions set out in the Articles and that they will take all necessary action to comply with them. Register of Members Under the BVI Act, the shares are deemed to be issued
when the name of the shareholder is entered in the register of members. Our register of members will be maintained by our transfer agent,
Computershare Inc. If: (a) information that is required to be entered in the register of members is omitted from the register or is inaccurately entered in the register; or (b) there is unreasonable delay in entering information in the register, a shareholder
of the company, or any person who is aggrieved by the omission, inaccuracy or delay, may apply to the British Virgin Islands Courts for
an order that the register be rectified, and the court may either refuse the application or order the rectification of the register, and
may direct the Company to pay all costs of the application and any damages the applicant may have sustained. Dividends We have not
paid any cash dividends on our shares to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings.
Under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and our Articles, we may only pay a dividend or make a distribution to our shareholders if,
following such dividend or distribution, the value of our assets will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they
fall due. In addition, the Second Tranche Notes prohibit us and our subsidiaries from paying dividends or other cash distributions, except
for intercompany transfers to us and payments to WISeKey. Comparison of Shareholder Rights DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW BVI CORPORATE LAW Class actions and derivative actions generally are available to shareholders of a Delaware corporation for, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste and actions not taken in accordance with applicable law. In such actions, the court has discretion to permit the winning party to recover attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with such action. Class actions and derivative actions
    are generally not available to shareholders under British Virgin Islands law. The British Virgin Islands courts,
    however, would ordinarily be expected to permit a shareholder to commence an action in the name of a company to remedy a wrong to the
    company where the act complained of is alleged to be beyond the corporate power of the company or illegal, or would result in the violation
    of the company’s memorandum and articles of association. Furthermore, consideration would be given by a British Virgin Islands court
    to acts that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or, for instance, where an act requires the approval
    of a greater percentage of the company’s shareholders than that which actually approved it. When the affairs of a company are
    being conducted in a manner which is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests of some part of the shareholders, one or more shareholders
    may apply to the High Court of the British Virgin Islands, which may make such order as it sees fit, including an order regulating the
    conduct of the company’s affairs in the future or ordering the purchase of the shares of any shareholders by other shareholders
    or by the company. 10 DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW BVI CORPORATE LAW Under the Delaware General Corporation Law,
the board of directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors, unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation
or bylaws. The Articles contain a provision that the board of directors has the power to determine the remuneration, if any, of the directors. Unless directors are elected by
    written consent in lieu of an annual meeting, directors are elected in an annual meeting of stockholders on a date and at a time designated
    by or in the manner provided in the bylaws. Re-election is possible. Classified boards are permitted. The Articles provide that the directors shall be appointed at the Company’s annual general meeting and will hold office until the next annual general meeting or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. Re-election is possible. The directors of the Company may appoint directors where there is a vacancy. The Delaware General Corporation
    Law provides that a certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors (but
    not other controlling persons) of the corporation for monetary damages for breach of a fiduciary duty as a director, except no provision
    in the certificate of incorporation may eliminate or limit the liability of a director for: · any breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its shareholders; · acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or
    a knowing violation of law; · statutory liability for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchase
    or redemption; or · any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. A Delaware corporation may indemnify
    any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding, other than an action by or on behalf of the corporation,
    because the person is or was a director or officer, against liability incurred in connection with the proceeding if the director or officer
    acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation; and the director
    or officer, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Unless ordered by a court, any foregoing
    indemnification is subject to a determination that the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct: · by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to the proceeding, even
    though less than a quorum; · by a committee of directors designated by a majority vote of the eligible directors,
    even though less than a quorum; · by independent legal counsel in a written opinion if there are no eligible directors,
    or if the eligible directors so direct; or · by the shareholders. Moreover, a Delaware corporation
    may not indemnify a director or officer in connection with any proceeding in which the director or officer has been adjudged to be liable
    to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court determines that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of
    all the circumstances of the case, the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for those expenses which the
    court deems proper. Section 132 of the BVI Act, and
    the Articles, provide that, subject to certain limitations, SEALSQ shall indemnify its directors and officers against all expenses, including
    legal fees, and against all judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement and reasonably incurred in connection with legal, administrative
    or investigative proceedings. Such indemnity only applies if the person acted honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests
    of the company and, in the case of criminal proceedings, the person had no reasonable cause to believe that their conduct was unlawful. Section 133 of the BVI Act permits
    a company to purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any officer or director in respect of any loss or liability attaching
    to them in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust, whether or not we may otherwise indemnify such officer
    or director. 11 DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW BVI CORPORATE LAW A director of a Delaware corporation
    has a fiduciary duty to the corporation and its shareholders. This duty has two components: · the duty of care; and · the duty of loyalty. The BVI Act imposes a duty on directors
    and officers of a British Virgin Islands company: (a) to
    act honestly and in good faith and in what the director believes to be in the best interests of the company when exercising their powers
    as a director; (b) to
    exercise the reasonable care, diligence, and skill that a reasonable director would exercise in the same circumstances taking into account, but without limitation: i. the
    nature of the company; ii. the
    nature of the decision; and iii. the position of the director
    and the nature of their responsibilities; (c) to
    exercise their duties for proper purpose and in accordance with the BVI Act and the memorandum and association of the company; and (d) to
disclose any interest which they have in a transaction entered into or to be entered into by the company. The statutory duties imposed on
    directors, by the BVI Act, are further supplemented by common law duties established (over centuries) of case law. There is considerable
    overlap between the common law and the BVI Act and in most circumstances it is not necessary to consider the two separately. In addition, the BVI Act imposes
    various duties on directors and officers of a company with respect to certain matters of management and administration of the company. The duty of care requires that a
    director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances. Under this duty,
    a director must inform himself of, and disclose to shareholders, all material information reasonably available regarding a significant
    transaction. The duty of loyalty requires that a director act in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation.
    He must not use his corporate position for personal gain or advantage. This duty prohibits self-dealing by a director and mandates that
    the best interest of the corporation and its shareholders take precedence over any interest possessed by a director, officer or controlling
    shareholder and not shared by the shareholders generally. In general, actions of a director are presumed to have been made on an informed
    basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation. However, this presumption
    may be rebutted by evidence a breach of one of the fiduciary duties. Should such evidence be presented
    concerning a transaction by a director, a director must prove the procedural fairness of the transaction, and that the transaction was
    of fair value to the corporation. The BVI Act also imposes a duty
    on directors and officers of a British Virgin Islands company to: (a) act
    honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company; and (b) exercise
    the care, diligence and skill that a reasonable director or officer would exercise in the same circumstances. In addition, the BVI Act imposes
    various duties on directors and officers of a company with respect to certain matters of management and administration of the company. 12 DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW BVI CORPORATE LAW A Delaware corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, eliminate the right of shareholders to act by written consent. The BVI Act provides that shareholders may
    take action by written consent. Under the Articles a resolution in writing is passed when it is signed by the shareholders of the
    Company who at the date of the notice of the resolution represent such majority of votes of shares as would be entitled to vote on
    such resolution. A shareholder of a Delaware
corporation has the right to put any proposal before the annual meeting of shareholders, provided it complies with the notice provisions
in the governing documents. A special meeting may be called by the board of directors or any other person authorized to do so in the
governing documents, but shareholders may be precluded from calling special meetings. Under the Articles, shareholders entitled to exercise 30% or more of the voting rights, in respect of the matter for which the meeting is requested, can require the directors to convene a meeting of shareholders. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting for elections of directors is not permitted unless the corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides for it. Under British Virgin Islands law,
    the voting rights of shareholders are regulated by the company’s memorandum and articles of association and, in certain circumstances,
    by the BVI Act. The Articles do not provide for cumulative
    voting. A Delaware corporation with a classified board may be removed only for cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Under the Articles, a director may be removed: (a) with
    or without cause, by resolution of shareholders passed at a meeting of shareholders called for the purpose of removing the director
    or for purposes including the removal of the director or by a written resolution passed by at least 75% of the votes of the shares
    entitled to vote; or (b) with
    cause, by resolution of directors passed by all directors other than the director being removed at a meeting of directors called for the
    purpose of removing the director or for purposes including the removal of the director. The Delaware General Corporation Law generally
prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in certain business combinations with an “interested shareholder” for three
years following the date that such person becomes an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder generally is a person or group
who or which owns or owned 15.0% or more of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock within the past three years. There is no similar law in the British Virgin Islands. Unless the board of directors of a Delaware corporation approves the proposal to dissolve, dissolution must be approved by shareholders holding 100.0% of the total voting power of the corporation. Only if the dissolution is initiated by the board of directors may it be approved by a simple majority of the corporation’s outstanding shares. Delaware law allows a Delaware corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a supermajority voting requirement in connection with dissolutions initiated by the board. As permitted by the BVI Act and
    our Articles, we may be voluntarily liquidated under Part XII of the BVI Act by resolution of directors or resolution of shareholders
    if we have no liabilities or we are able to pay our debts as they fall due and the value of our assets equals or exceeds our liabilities. A company may also be wound up where
    a court deems it just and equitable to do so and in circumstances where they are insolvent in accordance with the terms of the BVI Insolvency
    Act. 13 DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW BVI CORPORATE LAW A Delaware corporation may vary the rights of a class of shares with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Under the Articles, the rights conferred upon
the holders of our shares of any class may only be varied with the consent in writing of the holders of a majority of the issued shares
of that class or by a resolution approved at a meeting of the shares of that class by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes
of the shares of that class which were present at the meeting and were voted. A Delaware corporation’s governing documents may be amended with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. A British Virgin Islands company’s memorandum and articles of association may be amended by resolutions of the board of directors
and the shareholders, subject to the BVI Act and the memorandum and articles of association. Shareholders of a Delaware corporation, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose, and to obtain copies of list(s) of shareholders and other books and records of the corporation and its subsidiaries, if any, to the extent the books and records of such subsidiaries are available to the corporation. Under the BVI Act, members of the
    general public, on payment of a nominal fee, can obtain copies of the public records of a company available at the office of the BVI Registrar
    which will include the company’s certificate of incorporation, its memorandum and articles of association (with any amendments),
    a list of the current directors and records of license fees paid to date and will also disclose any articles of dissolution, articles
    of merger and a register of charges if the company has elected to file such a register. A shareholder of a company is entitled,
    on giving written notice to the company, to inspect: (a) the
    memorandum and articles; (b) the
    register of members; (c) the
    register of directors; and (d) the
    minutes of meetings and resolutions of members and of those classes of members of which they are a member, and to make copies
    of or take extracts from the documents and records referred to above. Subject to the memorandum and articles
    of association, the directors may, if they are satisfied that it would be contrary to the company’s interests to allow a member
    to inspect any document, or part of a document, specified above, refuse to permit the member to inspect the document or limit the inspection
    of the document, including limiting the making of copies or the taking of extracts from the records. Where a company fails or refuses
    to permit a member to inspect a document or permits a member to inspect a document subject to limitations, that member may apply to a
    British Virgin Islands Court for an order that they should be permitted to inspect the document or to inspect the document without limitation. 14 DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW BVI CORPORATE LAW The board of directors may approve
    a dividend without shareholder approval. Subject to any restrictions contained in its certificate of incorporation, the board may declare
    and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock either: · out of its surplus, or · in case there is no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year
    in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Stockholder approval is required
    to authorize capital stock in excess of that provided in the charter. Directors may issue authorized shares without stockholder approval. Under British Virgin Islands law,
    the board of directors may declare a dividend without shareholder approval, but a company may not declare or pay dividends if there are
    reasonable grounds for believing that: (a) the
    company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or (b) that
    the value of the company’s assets would be less than its liabilities. All creation of shares require the board of directors to adopt a resolution or resolutions, pursuant to authority expressly vested in the board of directors by the provisions of the company’s certificate of incorporation. The number of shares that a British
    Virgin Islands company is authorized to issue is set out in the memorandum and articles of association. The Articles provide that the company
    is authorized to issue 210,000,000 shares in two classes as follows: (a)    200,000,000 Ordinary Shares; and (b)    10,000,000 Class F Shares. Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, with certain exceptions, a merger, consolidation, sale, lease or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of a corporation must be approved by the board of directors and a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. A shareholder of a Delaware corporation participating in certain major corporate transactions may, under certain circumstances, be entitled to appraisal rights pursuant to which such shareholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair value of the shares held by such shareholder (as determined by a court) in lieu of the consideration such shareholder would otherwise receive in the transaction. The Delaware General Corporation Law also provides that a parent corporation, by resolution of its board of directors, may merge with any subsidiary, of which it owns at least 90.0% of each class of capital stock without a vote by the shareholders of such subsidiary. Upon any such merger, dissenting shareholders of the subsidiary would have appraisal rights. The consolidation or merger of a
    British Virgin Islands company with another company or corporation (other than certain affiliated companies) requires the consolidation
    or merger to be approved by the company’s board of directors and by its shareholders. Unless the company’s memorandum and
    articles of association provide otherwise, the approval of a majority of the shareholders voting at a meeting of shareholders is required
    to approve the consolidation or merger agreement. Under British Virgin Islands law,
    in the event of a consolidation or merger of a British Virgin Islands company with another company or corporation, a shareholder of the
    British Virgin Islands company who did not vote in favor of the amalgamation or merger and who is not satisfied that fair value has been
    offered for such shareholder’s shares may seek fair value for those shares in accordance with Section 179 of the BVI Act. 15 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following
description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material
terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates.
While the terms summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular
terms of any series of warrants that we may offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we indicate in the prospectus
supplement, the terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. However, no
prospectus supplement shall fundamentally change the terms that are set forth in this prospectus or offer a security that is not registered
and described in this prospectus at the time of its effectiveness. Specific warrant agreements will contain additional important terms
and provisions and will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes this prospectus or as an
exhibit to a report filed under the Exchange Act. General The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms
of the warrants, including as applicable: · the offering price; · the aggregate number or amount of underlying securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants and the exercise price; · the number of warrants being offered; · the date, if any, after which the warrants and the underlying securities will be transferable separately; · the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence, and the date on which the right will expire; · the number of warrants outstanding, if any; · any material BVI and/or U.S. federal income tax consequences; · the terms, if any, on which we may accelerate the date by which the warrants must be exercised; and · any other terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the warrants. Warrants will be offered and exercisable for U.S. dollars
only and will be in registered form only. Holders of
warrants will be able to exchange warrant certificates for new warrant certificates of different denominations, present warrants for registration
of transfer, and exercise warrants at the designated office of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement. Prior to the
exercise of any warrants, holders of the warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares will not have any rights of holders of Ordinary Shares,
including the right to receive payments of dividends, if any, or to exercise any applicable right to vote. Certain Risk Considerations Any warrants
we issue will involve a degree of risk, including risks arising from fluctuations in the price of the underlying Ordinary Shares and general
risks applicable to the securities market (or markets) on which the underlying securities trade, as applicable. Prospective purchasers
of the warrants will need to recognize that the warrants may expire worthless, and, thus, purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total
loss of the purchase price of their warrants. This risk reflects the nature of a warrant as an asset that, other factors held constant,
tends to decline in value over time and that may, depending on the price of the underlying securities, become worthless when it expires.
The trading price of a warrant at any time is expected to increase if the price of or, if applicable, the dividend rate on, the underlying
securities increases. Conversely, the trading price of a warrant is expected to decrease as the time remaining to expiration of the warrant
decreases and as the price of or, if applicable, the dividend rate on, the underlying securities, decreases. Assuming all other factors
are held constant, the more a warrant is “out-of-the-money” (i.e., the more the exercise price exceeds the price of the underlying
securities and the shorter its remaining term to expiration), the greater the risk that a purchaser of the warrant will lose all or part
of his or her investment. If the price of the underlying securities does not rise before the warrant expires to an extent sufficient to
cover a purchaser’s cost of the warrant, the purchaser will lose all or part of his or her investment in the warrant upon expiration. In addition,
prospective purchasers of the warrants should be experienced with respect to options and option transactions, should understand the risks
associated with options and should reach an investment decision only after careful consideration, with their financial advisers, of the
suitability of the warrants in light of their particular financial circumstances and the information discussed in this prospectus and,
if applicable, the prospectus supplement. Before purchasing, exercising or selling any warrants, prospective purchasers and holders of
warrants should carefully consider, among other things: · the trading price of the warrants; · the price of the underlying securities at that time; · the time remaining to expiration; and · any related transaction costs. Some of the factors referred to above are in turn
influenced by various political, economic and other factors that can affect the trading price of the underlying securities and should
be carefully considered prior to making any investment decisions. 16 Purchasers
of the warrants should further consider that the initial offering price of the warrants may be in excess of the price that a purchaser
of options might pay for a comparable option in a private, less liquid transaction. In addition, it is not possible to predict the price
at which the warrants will trade in the secondary market or whether any such market will be liquid. We may, but will not be obligated
to, file an application to list any warrants on a U.S. national securities exchange. To the extent that any warrants are exercised, the
number of warrants outstanding will decrease, which may result in a lessening of the liquidity of the warrants. Finally, the warrants
will constitute our direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations and, as such, will be subject to any changes in our perceived creditworthiness. Exercise of Warrants Each holder
of a warrant will be entitled to purchase that number or amount of underlying securities, at the exercise price, as will in each case
be described in the prospectus supplement relating to the offered warrants. After the close of business on the warrant expiration date
(which may be extended by us), unexercised warrants will become void. Holders may
exercise warrants by delivering to the warrant agent payment as provided in the applicable prospectus supplement of the amount required
to purchase the underlying securities purchasable upon exercise, together with the information set forth on the reverse side of the warrant
certificate. Warrants will be deemed to have been exercised upon receipt of payment of the exercise price, subject to the receipt of the
warrant certificate evidencing the exercised warrants. Upon receipt of payment and the warrant certificate properly completed and duly
executed at the designated office of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will, as soon as practicable, issue
and deliver the underlying securities purchasable upon such exercise. If fewer than all of the warrants represented by a warrant certificate
are exercised, we will issue a new warrant certificate for the remaining amount of warrants. Amendments and Supplements to Warrant Agreements We may amend or supplement
the warrant agreement without the consent of the holders of the warrants issued under the agreement to effect changes that are not inconsistent
with the provisions of the warrants and that do not adversely affect the interests of the holders of warrants. 17 DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS We may issue
subscription rights to purchase our Ordinary Shares. These subscription rights may be issued independently or together with any other
security offered hereby and may or may not be transferable by the shareholder receiving the subscription rights in such offering. In connection
with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other purchasers pursuant
to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. The prospectus
supplement relating to any subscription rights we offer, if any, will, to the extent applicable, include specific terms relating to the
offering, including some or all of the following: · the price, if any, for the subscription rights; · the exercise price payable for each Ordinary Share upon the exercise of the subscription rights; · the number of subscription rights to be issued to each shareholder; · the number and terms of the Ordinary Shares which may be purchased per each subscription right; · the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable; · any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the subscription rights; · the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which the subscription rights shall expire; · the extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities; and · if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement which may be entered into by us in connection with the offering of subscription rights. The description in the applicable
prospectus supplement of any subscription rights we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its entirety by reference
to the applicable subscription right agreement, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer subscription rights. For more information
on how you can obtain copies of the applicable subscription right agreement if we offer subscription rights, see “ Where
You Can Find More Information ” below and “ Incorporation
of Certain Documents by Reference ” below. We urge you to read the applicable subscription right agreement and any applicable
prospectus supplement in their entirety. 18 DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue
units comprised of one or more of the other securities described in this prospectus in any combination. Each unit will be issued so that
the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations
of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the
unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe: · the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; · the material terms of a unit agreement under which the units will be issued; · any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and · whether the units will be issued in fully registered or global form. The applicable prospectus supplement
will describe the terms of any units. The preceding description and any description of units in the applicable prospectus supplement
does not purport to be complete and is subject to and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the unit agreement and, if applicable,
collateral arrangements and depositary arrangements relating to such units. For more information on how you can obtain copies of the
applicable unit agreement if we offer units, see “ Where You Can Find
More Information ” below and “ Incorporation of Certain
Documents by Referenc e” below. We urge you to read the applicable unit agreement and any applicable prospectus supplement
in their entirety. 19 TAXATION The material BVI and U.S. federal
income tax consequences relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of any of the securities offered by this prospectus will
be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement offering those securities or incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on
Form 20-F or other public filings we make with the SEC. 20 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell
the securities described in this prospectus through underwriters or dealers, through agents, directly to one or more purchasers, “at-the-market”
offerings, negotiated transactions, block trades or through a combination of these methods. The applicable prospectus supplement will
describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including: • the name or names of any underwriters, if any, and if required, any dealers or agents, and the amount of securities underwritten or purchased by each of them, if any; • the public offering price or purchase price of the securities from us and the net proceeds to us from the sale of the securities; • any underwriting discounts and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation; • any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers; and • any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. We may distribute the securities from time to time in one
or more transactions at: • a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • varying prices determined at the time of sale related to such prevailing market prices; or • negotiated prices. 21 Only underwriters
named in the prospectus supplement will be underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. If we use
underwriters in the sale, the underwriters will either acquire the securities for their own account and may resell the securities from
time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or sell
the securities on a “best efforts, minimum/maximum basis” when the underwriters agree to do their best to sell the securities
to the public. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters
without a syndicate. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or re- allowed or paid to dealers may change from
time to time. If we use
a dealer in the sale of the securities being offered pursuant to this prospectus or any prospectus supplement, the securities will be
sold directly to the dealer, as principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined
by the dealer at the time of resale. Our ordinary
shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Unless otherwise specified in the related prospectus supplement, all securities we offer,
other than ordinary shares, will be new issues of securities with no established trading market. Any underwriter may make a market in
these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We may apply to
list securities that we offer on an exchange, but we are not obligated to do so. Therefore, there may not be liquidity or a trading market
for any series of securities. We may sell
the securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of
securities and we will describe any commissions we may pay the agent in the applicable prospectus supplement. We may authorize
agents or underwriters to solicit offers by institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the public offering price set forth
in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future.
We will describe the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must pay for solicitation of these contracts in the applicable
prospectus supplement. In connection with the sale
of the securities, underwriters, dealers or agents may receive compensation from us or from purchasers of the securities for whom they
act as agents in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions. Underwriters may sell the securities to or through dealers, and those
dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters or commissions from the purchasers
for whom they may act as agents. Underwriters, dealers and agents that participate in the distribution of the securities, and any institutional
investors or others that purchase securities directly and then resell the securities, may be deemed to be underwriters, and any discounts
or commissions received by them from us and any profit on the resale of the securities by them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts
and commissions under the Securities Act of 1933. 22 LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal
matters with respect to British Virgin Islands law in connection with this offering are being passed upon for us by Harney Westwood &
Riegels LP. Certain matters of U.S. federal and New York law are being passed upon for us by Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler LLP, New
York, New York. EXPERTS The financial
statements of SEALSQ Corp as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, in each case incorporated by reference
in this prospectus from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024 have been so incorporated
in reliance on the reports of BDO Ltd, an independent registered public accounting firm, given upon the authority of said firm as experts
in accounting and auditing. The financial statements of SEALSQ Corp Predecessor as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, incorporated
by reference in this prospectus from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024 have been so
incorporated in reliance on the report of BDO Rhône Alpes, an independent registered public accounting firm, given upon their authority
as experts in accounting and auditing. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS
BY REFERENCE The SEC allows
us to incorporate by reference our publicly filed reports into this prospectus, which means that information included in those reports
is considered part of this prospectus. Because we are incorporating by reference future filings with the SEC, this prospectus is continually
updated and those future filings may modify or supersede some of the information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus.
This means that you must look at all of the SEC filings that we incorporate by reference to determine if any of the statements in this
prospectus or in any document previously incorporated by reference have been modified or superseded. This prospectus incorporates by reference
the documents listed below and any future filings we make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) (in each case, other than those documents or the portions of those documents furnished, rather
than filed), and, to the extent designated therein, reports on Form 6-K, until the offering of the securities under the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part is terminated or completed: · our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2025; · our Reports on Form 6-K furnished by us to the SEC on March 21, 2025 and March 24, 2025; and · the description of our Ordinary Shares contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 18, 2023, as amended by Exhibit 2.4 to our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2025, as further amended and supplemented by the description of our Securities contained in this prospectus under “ Description of Ordinary Shares ,” including any subsequent amendment or any report filed for the purpose of updating such description. The SEC maintains
an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers
like us that file electronically with the SEC. We will also
incorporate by reference all subsequent Annual Reports on Form 20-F that we file with the SEC. In addition, we will incorporate by reference
certain future materials furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K after the date of the initial registration statement, but only to the extent
specifically indicated in those submissions or in a future prospectus supplement. Each subsequently filed Annual Report should be deemed
to supersede entirely each earlier filed Annual Report and the materials furnished on an earlier Form 6-K and, unless explicitly stated
otherwise, such earlier reports should not be deemed to be part of this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement and you should
not rely upon statements made in those earlier periodic reports. In all cases, you should rely on the later information over different
information in this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement. We will furnish
without charge to you, on written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the above documents, other than exhibits to such documents
which are not specifically incorporated by reference therein. You should direct any requests for documents to: SEALSQ Corp Avenue Louis-Casaï 58 1216 Cointrin Switzerland Tel: 011-41-22-594-3000 Fax: 011-41-22-594-3001 The information relating to
us contained in this prospectus is not comprehensive and should be read together with the information contained in the incorporated documents.
Descriptions contained in the incorporated documents as to the contents of any contract or other document may not contain all of the
information which is of interest to you. You should refer to the copy of such contract or other document filed as an exhibit to our filings. 23 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed
with the SEC a registration statement on Form F-3 under the Securities Act, relating to this offering of securities. As permitted by SEC
rules, this prospectus does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms
a part. Statements made in this prospectus concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document are summaries of all material
information about the documents summarized, but are not complete descriptions of all terms of these documents. If we filed any of these
documents as an exhibit to the registration statement, you may read the document itself for a complete description of its terms. We are subject
to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to foreign private issuers. In accordance with the Exchange Act, we file
reports, including annual reports on Form 20-F containing financial statements audited by an independent accounting firm. We also furnish
to the SEC, under cover of Reports of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K, material information required to be made public by us or filed
by us with and made public by any stock exchange or distributed by us to our shareholders. Such reports and other information filed with
the SEC are available to the public over the internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. We also generally make available
on our own website (www.sealsq.com) our half-year and year-end financial statements as well as other information. As a foreign
private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements to shareholders,
and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the “short-swing profits” reporting and liability provisions
contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act and related Exchange Act rules. In addition, we are not required under the Exchange Act to
file periodic reports and financial statements as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities are registered under the
Exchange Act. We maintain
a corporate website at www.sealsq.com. Information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website does not constitute a part
of this prospectus. We have included our website address in this prospectus solely as an inactive textual reference. ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES We are incorporated
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands and our principal executive offices are located outside the United States. Most of our directors
and officers and those of our subsidiaries are residents of countries other than the United States. Substantially all of our and our subsidiaries’
assets and a substantial portion of the assets of our directors and officers are located outside the United States. As a result, it may
be difficult or impossible for United States investors to effect service of process within the United States upon us, our directors or
officers or our subsidiaries, or to realize against us or them judgments obtained in United States courts, including judgments predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. Furthermore,
there is substantial doubt that courts in jurisdictions outside the U.S. (i) would enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained in actions
against us or our directors or officers based upon the civil liability provisions of applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws
or (ii) would enforce, in original actions, liabilities against us or our directors or officers based on those laws. EXPENSES The following
is an estimate of the expenses (all of which are to be paid by us) that we may incur in connection with the securities being registered
hereby. Each prospectus supplement describing an offering of securities will reflect the estimated expenses related to the offering of
securities under that prospectus supplement. SEC registration fees $ 76,550.00 FINRA filing fee $ 75,500.00 Legal fees and expenses $ * Accountants’ fees and expenses $ * Miscellaneous $ * Total $ * * These fees and expenses depend on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. These fees will be provided by a prospectus supplement or a Report on Form 6-K that is incorporated by reference into this prospectus. 24 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares Class A Warrants to purchase up
to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Class A Warrants Class B Warrants to purchase up
to 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares 15,000,000 Ordinary Shares issuable
upon exercise of the Class B Warrants SEALSQ Corp Prospectus Supplement Maxim
Group LLC July 14, 2025